I would factor in everything. Because nothing else matters when it comes to this game. Its all of the corners. All of the matches. The starts. The stops and once again the stops. All the stops, and pullin' out all of the stops. So no miniture could then have a likeness. How you move up and down the court, in a flow, some call it "game mode" I call it playing basketball with him. He never has a bad game only the reason is because other teammembers took the game into their own hands. And he becomes some kind of passer-rebounder-three-point shooter with a dribble. That cannot be matched, nor gaurded. In the lane and up top on the key. Either there or the foulline and will continue to absolutely dominate the game of basketball from when he was a Rookie til' now. He has some years left. We shall see. He said the last year he will play are going to be with his boys. Mark his words he lives up to them. Down 3-1 in a @NBA Finals has never been done before, it was for his hometown where a basketball star took his team and won it after being set to be eliminated after being down 3 games to one.
https://www.lebronjames.com/


"So I wanted more ofit. The more ofit, that I did so. The need for it more, than just so. So I wanted to be the end:ofit. But thats not for wanting no more for forting marting? One of the martz, you Say? I sure do. The only time that I will say. Is this no need, Do. But yes for I have: yet So Do? Is this going on and on and repetitive at times:yes to have or but yet to do? Why wouldn't you of Done Do So. So do done it yet for me to yet to Do. Do so. Done so. And say do and done so. So done good. And so do will be so good, for the do is done and that is good. All is good." @chipublib.

So what happened. Did he get back to the place that he needed to go. And leave it up to him. To put a game onit. That means win or lose the decision is made. And the done so no more to that. It was all the Do. Yes the work that it takes to heave bodies up and down the court in this way and have them come to stop and whatelseorwhatever'else that you wanted to say about this. Or that. What type of spaceships would be required to visit other planets and we must season with the reason. When the true reason, as you can see, is our human population as it keeps growing and growing up until we need another planet to migrate and live inside of. That isn't any time soon but eventually the planet would have less space for people. The human population wouldn't balance out or bottom out or top off it is always increasing in number by human design. The human race then finds a neighboring planet that would grow with our Sun. As we have grown with ours, the Sun. Then any other technological ideas: it is either of the human body, the human visual or the human existence with Mother Gaia. There is only so many forms of human understanding to discover, research and then successfully plot out its further capabilities. However, some subjects you will find all that is covered, but on the other hand, most subjects are so vast it will take several lifetimes to cover the basics.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_Jam
