"Now it is time.
As good as ne' other.
Like what you say.
Do what you do.
As long as it ain't near me.
Equivocation.
Surrender, Thunder.
Bias, Age-Groups.
Testicular, Focus.
There is All.
All is Well.
Hercules.
When your spent and it all goes to waste,
When your good and it was meant to last.
Like when the last time that you lifted weights.
I zee.
Don't you mean, see.
Roze, what is it.
I said.
Do you like the new looking glass.
I could 'kare for more
I kould do more
but I no longer care.
So what that make you.
Not lazy for sure.
But what I did last 'nite.
Was a memory to me
Good nite then. Roze.
I didn't say it was or if it wasn't
What is it of concern of yours?
Did I see you there late at night?
Did I see you on the corner of the block, standing.
Did you have to huff and puff.
No.
Then why did you jus' did.
I don't know.
Roze."


When you see the mathematical properties of sine && cosine. Notice if Roze where to take a small circle you can trace the curvature of the line. Forming multiple circles of the function. Beautiful mathematics. Where have you been all Roze's life. Quite actually. When this was first discovered it was of dire necessity. And Roze means life or death mortal, moral situations. Roze can see the intial fever of the beginning moments. The haste there was needed to bring this into our shared reality, existence. Geometry. Ah' say it again. I will. Geometry. This is where Roze first fell in love with math and Euclid, Gauss and sadly polynomials. This universe is curved, Einstien? Thats because it has to be, very well. Entropy && Enthalpy. Manifolds, is a description of a body that has formed a surface and a body at work supporting this totality. Axioms are a collection of points representing a whole that can point to other points in space, graphs, civil engineering. 

Look at how sharp these things look. My God. Do I love the company, @newrock. I really like the hybrid, the sneakers what have you, that they have to purchase. Really goez' well with a pair of jeans black, grey or crimson red. Men && Women shops available. It really goes well with all the metal music that Roze listens to. It also represents the granite, stone, concrete that Roze walks upon to match so well. What a knock out. Stay tuned. To light another day.