What I am seein' is the Rate of Change. In this current Example. What I
can then do as a Mathmatician is currently, exactly, pinpoint the terms, 
variables and constants. What Roze then is doin' is discovering the 
current position of the points, the functions(which is the scope) and the
shapes of certain happening's, a certain time and in a certain space.
X, Y, Z. Which is visualized as this, graph and several different graphs.
Then from there Roze not only has a better idea of what is goin' On. He
has the mathematical determination of what has been done and what needs
be done. As Roze can relate to other forms of mathematical equations,
graphs and nomenclature. Roze begins to see all of the patterns fall
into place, doesn't he? Moving on.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radius_of_convergence

"You know what Roze?
You know what I like about You?
Nothin'.
Exactly rite'.

I see all of the evils done on to me now.
Should I shed the evils done and then move on.
Is tha' the only choice Roze has?
Its seems to be the defense all throughout time.

Wouldn't that be nice.
To know the rite' time at all times.
During the day.
Yes for you have to eat 3 courses.
Work your job.
Live your lifestyle sleep early.
To repeat every day.

I see. Roze sees now.
What do you see.
Nun'ya business.
You have that rite' as well Roze.
There you go.

I didn't have it before.
Now I do and its all messy
and there is nothin' to do else.
Well.

You can go out and make purchases.
Increase your lifestyle.
How about tha'?
Wouldn't tha' be nice.
Now you said tha' twice.
I needed to it seems to be the time
calls for it.

What a lass.
Hope its the best day your going to have and the worst day.
It could very well be.
Thas' all?
Yep that about sums it up.
Then travel and spend more money."

What a beautiful collection of everyday Items. What this issa vast
collection of commodities. I find it so comforting to be in one of these
warehouses baby other than those enjoyable and well worth my time, 
commercials. Everyone knows the, business story of dreams with its CEO.
Empower. Well known for its relationship to its workforce. What this does
is give everyone a chance to live the same exact livelihood as err'bodie
else. Fantastic. Blue Lights. @Walmart
https://www.walmart.com/

