I cannot get enough of this company, this seems to be my company to promote. Because why its so natural to finally take in all of my necessities. In the nutrional sense and what that leads to is this. A better pro-active day and my muscles actually feel better refined and are receiving the necessary nutrients to build muscle strength and muscle memory when I then used this to cycle relentlessly because this is what the city of Chicago is good for. To have a proper dietary regimin pays off in more ways than one and with this it can also help you make dietary eliminations that neither tast good and actually harm your body. Honestly I believe we as humans have programmed ourselves to not eat all of our necessary vegetables per day. Us humans have moved on to new dietary regimins to better shape our lives and also mirror them to our liking. @MyVibrantHealth.
https://vibranthealth.com/collections/overall-wellness


Roze entitled this one, "Mascara Seas, Lip Gloss Isles."

What did you find. The logistical distance from the earth within the Earths space and physical reality. From point A to point B. I always liked when Miguel De Cervantes included the pun in his magnum opus, "Don Quixote" as he quipped to Sancho Panza, "Longitude, my dear man, Longitude." What this means is that with every new form of human exploration that we have discovered what this leads to always is new beginnings, new written materials and physical morality traits of legend to be fully realized. Mother Gaia then responds full heartedly with brand new interesting insights, new abilities that feel quite natural and new wonders of the world. More Earth to explore and witness its beauty before us all. Like a Gaze. Of molten rock, tectonic plates including the Tropic Of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer. What Roze means to say there is alot of geographical material yet to be discovered as it remains very mysterious to us. Let us embark. The distnace was then given by determining the position of the two objects, at hand, after being narrowed down minutely to each of the objects pair of coordinates in sea or on land. How these coordinates are measured is by well know symbols and landmarks the boats can see and this has already been given numerical significance. One time, the human race mapped it. The boat is then pinpointed by a mathematical graph representing great halves of ellipses and measured grand circles of the entire spectral notation of our oceans which is our seas. Mother Gaia has to show us. This gives the scientist the geological and nautical determination of the objects located on the map positioned in waters or lands. The object is given the X(latitude) and Y(longitude) coordinates to signify. Then from there starboard.


@UA_Universitat @InsideNatGeo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longitude



