Whats the point. I don't even know anymore. We all seem so helpless. Then what happens is this. The pig puts its pig logic behind it and 
under the guise of law now and that is all that it needs. It can believe and act anything in these grey areas. Its a shield for a reason. 
God damnit. Do you see the relationship between the community and the police. It is so bad its like I have said it has become morose. 
With no fixing. No outreach and we do not have the familial connection with the police department almost a second nature a natural arm to your own. 
Where is it going. Power isn't meant to be inhabitated. Our chief, people of Chicago, has lost his brother and his young son and it looks like their 
is other sides to those tragedies. Hand picked by @barackObama and black for a reason. Black. White. Asian. Middle Eastern. Hispanic. If we can 
gaurentee the protection of everyone in this city of ours. Then what problems do we then have? I ask you again, protecting everyone in this city 
is the solution. What do the gangs, the cartels, the mobs and the mafia and the veterans and the police have in common?? Is it protection. Do you 
see me with every coat of arms for the best chance of my survival. Is it because I am Irish, Polish and Finnish white person. Please, it has come 
to a dire desperation.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_Police_Department
@Chicago_Police.

"Had it. Crossword. Never had it congratulations. But yet whatabout.

I don't know. Ditto.
Ditto. You mean duck duck. And then Goose. 

Could of been there. You should of been there that is where. All these snobs made poor people feel less important. And not like they do all the work.

But how could that be and how does that work. You couldn't of better explained it yourself. I know but it seems like I am going in circles. Constantly.

Thats often. The Complaint. The Insinuator. The All Time I'm Right.

And all. Just all. But what exactly is there all. If you could have it all.

Then again. Better check the newspaper. Heard its gott. All this junk in it but how about life concerns.

Anything of that nature. No not really. And double not really. So your talking positive. 

Finally Because I thought I lost you. So there I was. There you was in my grind."@chipublib.

This. Has got to be the best well known, best selling, most widely available and used. TP. That I have ever seen in my life. Plenty. At the time of 
use and we don't talk about it much that often but time has come to visit the quarters once more. And then I get this feel, that I am going to be 
alright and I settle in there knowing I will have plenty to wipe my..., courtesy
https://www.scottbrand.com/en-us/
@scottproducts.












