Now I saw something. Either the 60-day pouch or the, "Maximum Vibrance." This isn't meant to replace meals it is meant to properly balance your 
meals and that your, diet. The biggest critique and this is relatively new in food science, does it make a pursen look'like its on shakes and 
dust and compounds meant for your well-being. Because humans are meant to take vitamins from all proper groups that it needs to live a full and 
healthy life and then livelihood. The reason that I started with these shakes. Is because as a Man living in the 21st century I do not and will 
not eat vegetables on a daily basis and what this does is not only tell your body that you eat vegetables that you love vegetables, and this is 
the same thing as eating your daily vegetables. My metabolism is working in a correct order I have more balance to my day and then I also 
incorporate small health snacks every 2-3 hrs. A protein bar, a string cheese, or lite' meals. Then I can still eat what I want to eat, the 
junkfood and bacon cheeseburgers and pizza. There is a correct and safe way to medically fast. Living in a nutrional harmony with exercise and 
your daily eats. @MyVibrantHealth.
https://vibranthealth.com/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradigm

"Then I walked across the board.
Little did I know,
but I was.
Was I going down.

This I don't know, among other things and I got this, get this.
Mastery.
Clusterboard, menstration which means men don't like playing
in blood. 

So we let this, us past this mark and let her bleed out.

And it has do with the moon and the sun and the day and the night.
How interesting.

We have all been there.
I would like to move on."

What is this could it be. The, once again, mastery of it'all. And what this means to me. But it could have a different meaning to you. And all. 
There it was. There I was. There was an I. Then finally there was I to you. And then once more we have another, well, termed a clock on our hands. 
And when it factors down to time and space I find this, glug-glug, pergatorical happenings of what it means to be a man and a woman as this can, 
once again, be factored down into the most simplest sense and one of the most complicated. But what find you. Oh' I see you have found another masterpiece,
entirely. Bravo. It has been said, and once it has been said before. Then what we have here. Is a covalence a sub-par human race leading the, 
once again, masses. And what you find more, is more and more reasons, to believe such as this and what to do and what to chose from. But if we 
factored it down to the bear human necessities and what everyone will find, is not only equality but answers, of the humankind. 
@NASA. @Google. @Apple. @Microsft. @Tesla.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradigm_shift





























