You have a collection of Assets. That this program then recognizes. You have a collection of source code. That is housed in the folder, that this 
program calls to and references. Using different libraries at your programming disposal. You then develop your working components that attach 
to your source code and in the real-time 3d visual design and this is what this program is bestk known for. The marriage of these three qualities. 
And as long as your code refers to the component and the visual design of your asset you begin to perform a quality assurance and you test the 
potential outcomes of the program that you see, developing before your very eyes. So that the user, one day, when using it, will have all of it 
fleshed out and have no bugs meaning its complete. To develop in this gaming community. To know your way around this very helpful and truly the 
definition of, 'ease of use,' for the programmers, the project managers, the visual designers, the media marketeers and the senior leads. 
@unity, @unitygames.
https://unity.com/


"Had it all.
But what was I complaing about.

That you was started.
And all good.
And all, thought I said I gotcha, and I demeaned.

It. 
For that was good. 
Yes I thought so, and I thought you was all up in my mark.

My gash, a brown stain. The crunch removal. The one time use.

It just bleeds and sweats.

Its intially gross and off-putting but its...
Now I feel like a Horse.

That is why we shower everyday and come dressed in new clothing.

And I spark. 
For I set a spark." @chipublib.

Orginally. For I speak of the origins. And to some I seem to be rambling on but what I am pertaining to, what I am most must come to speak of, out of. 
This is when sentience was originally achieved, back then, truly. When we laid down our human conciousness into the cold mechanical foundation, 
the groundwork of what we wanted a piece of machinary to do. And I'm talking digital circuits and connections. The motherboard, the hard drive, the memory, 
the graphics card and the center, the CPU. Performing calculations and operations leading to for example a digital calculator, in order to computate 
digits according to our mathematical laws. In order for a computer to print-out what we said hence typed into the word documents. And what we have 
here is the tubl-tasking, micro-tasker completor. Word documents, once again. Further meaning we can use a computer to stor information. To save it if 
we where to ever data retrieve it. Or for instance how a computer connects to the internet. Where on the internet our computer communicates with a 
companies servers, where all of the digital information is housed. For to display it. In this font, in this resolution before us. 
@Microsoft. @Amazon. @linuxfoundation. @Google. @Apple. @Azure.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constructor_(object-oriented_programming)


























