What does it mean to judge a difference in size. What could that mean to you and what is your approach. How come it feels different to me as an Organism 
experiencing everything there is in its World. From small, to medium, to the biggest grandore you can think of in this World. How come it magnifies in my
thought patter within me as a human, a scientist, a writer, a performer, a blue collar what have you. When it comes to taking in the properties of a size of an
object before me. Dare I ask do I feel apart of it? Is it quite naturally made of the same compounds that is I, am made up of as well in terms of the rationale
three, the physics, the biology and the chemistry? In this world its what you make of it. Coming into the presence of different terms and what that makes you 
say, how Roze responds, what Roze then takes from it. Leaving in a better position then Roze was before, come now. I see all that there is. I am what I blieve 
tis' my Own. Call it.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dimensional_analysis

Roze entitled this piece, "When Did You And Is It Ok."

What did we learn about our bodies. Thas' is not good enuff. Jeez, it never is. Now may I sit all pretty like but not that pretty anymore am I. You gunna eat 
that? U gunna look all fat. My thighs are discolored and un-shapely, my eyes aren't as, once again, pretty but I learned how to perform an activity at least I 
got that. Arts and Krafts. No, I'm not in with the cool girls in my skhool. You gotta be real hot or goregous to be in that clique, social group, notoriety what
have you. Geez now I feel all sad but I know what music to like, what TV to watch, even what movie to go see. I'm apart of the butt-ugly girls, the less wanted 
by boys and me, with less attention, the fat, the plain, the dopey, the hard to look at ones, the harsh. Jesus is half ugly so theres hope for me. That is 
exactly so. You are sumone's to die for, sorry to say. Oh' we have an innocent and good man or boy jus' for you. We know where to place that sweeet as of yours.
Like honey.
https://subscribe.girlsworldmag.com/






