Look at these beautiful forms of technology. Beautiful forms. I love the @Hermes. Which forms to your hand around your wrist, your very arm. I drive-tested one of these babies in a @Target once. Its awfully hard to balance the back of your wrist with the other hand perusing the many features and mini-apps that this watch is known for. Clearly blowing any and all @Andriods out of the water! Should the screen be bigger should it be smaller and what else can it monitor other than my blood pressure, oxygen level and my very own heartbeat. How utterly fascinating a piece of tech on my wrist with specification and your jeweler to come next. @Apple Watch your on the Map. Love you.
https://www.apple.com/watch/

"Could it be more than jus' rite. I wouldn't never say so myself.
Jus' axin'.
Well.
Lest we begin again.
All that is more is never here.
Are you saying your materialistic.
My monetary desires are superficial
in a good way.
I never thought I would be sum'bodie.
Was perfectly fine with bein' a no'bodie.
But times have changed.
The clothes.
The modern touches, to the towns, the cites.
Only offering a wine and dine.
To purchase a commodity.
To vacation with entertainment.
There isn't much available.
Then Roze must venture into the black market.
Dangerous, have to know the rite' person.
And all of that.
That is very good advice.
Why I thank you, what for?
Exactly.
To been had it all, couldn't of been more at a loss.
Cheerio'." @chipublib

So here I was. Wait a second. There I was and it happened over there and I got on the other side of the law all of a sudden. And first people accused me, the other parties but I wasn't the one who did anything wrong and there isn't any justice for an innocent victim such as me. I smoke alot of weed does that make me a kingping of the Irish Mob. No it doesn't. I like the yay, the X, the Hairon, the psychedelics so sue me! I say. But what I really is doin' is participating and risking my life with my dealer and I must trust and I do and I have to trust because I have never physically harmed anyone I just got a big mouth full of choppers and I like to fight with sportmanship and straight up with no weapons, mono e mono. I see many fine lines, many grey areas and once again many ways to avoid the pigs. But what if I need to avoid all the good cops out there. What must I do? I am not sure. I spend most of my time enlisting my potential discourse and actions into avoiding the law at all costs. I used to hide my weed pipe when I drove for @PapaJohns it was a big secret but I loved deliverin' pizzas and gettin' high and many people frowned down about it. I even got several dire warnings from passerby's that knew better. Knew better about what Roze? I don't know, I am not sure and I sure don't know anything. I never want to Snithc and I have never snitched, God rest my life and good faith there is. The whole point of what I am saying to you here is this. There is alot of leg room. Many narcotics once brutally oppressed through prohibitions like alcohol and marijuana are no longer illegal and dangerous. So we must as a collective society pick which recreational that we all like to throw on back and call it a night together, is next. There is always 2 sides to every story and its this. Beyond Good and Evil. @Chicago_Police. @EricHolder. @FBIChicago. @CIA. @Wikipedia.
https://new.tipsubmit.com/en/create-report/anonymous/ChicagoPD
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime


