I love that this one memor always stands out. And that is this when you first think about horticulture and what it represents to these ages that you first take a look. You think, I thought about my human mind but first I do believe, I thought about how I ran my life and this and that. These dimensions to once what was before, and still issa sacred art is that this is out in the open and its quite the beauty to take on hold. And Roze resituates himself in this open space, and issa beautiful thing to have my body and mind then soul take in this process. And in this order. Of things that around these places, the architecture that gives its life and once again, where the houses are stored saving and securing families, young and old. The beautiful placements and positions. The beautiful vegetations. The overall disposition of Roze between himself and this expression, exposé.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gardening

"The reason I say that it is today.
Well all the gott out of it is all that is good.
Well heaven before us and all.
Like the Stinger.

I don't really feel anything anymore.
I'm all that is left for me to understand.
What is this what is that.
Whats that gott to do with me. Huh?

Well. I never had it before I gott to it.
But there seems to be a gotter, blotter, partaker.
Before us all.
Those marked at least.

Sheet.
When I was your age.
When I had it all, once again I'll say that #.
but what is that suppostal mean an' all.
That I gott' her number.

Then celebrated. 
And had a good time, once again.
Goot drunkt' but when wasd the last time I had a fun drunk.
I can't remember but the form sex that don't matter.

It feels good to take it in.
Once more.
Then repeat myself im in my own kingdom.
Do you get it?
I do for I have earned it an' all.

What post history, timeline, portrayal R I'we in Now.
Is it lust.
Is it forgivenss.
Is it to shop." Chicago Public Library.

Now that we are here we must have light, yes those are the ones who specifically last longer in the time refrained for such lighting matters and where there is darkness we must bring light, and tell me more now that I know that is all that is there? Yucky. Well Thomas Edison lead to these beautiful discoveries and actually its one discovery who he successfully patented and it lead to many darknesses lite up and tell me more, now? Roze remembers one of his first interactions, he squinted his eyes and played with the rays of light since emitting it from his socket. Ah'. So next time if your in the market look no farther than this google link. I have set out for you.
Menards. Home Depot. Lowes.




















