I could have one of these systems as always I have to sock away a little change and in due time I could have one of these babies. And we are all the way up on (5) now and the controller still has that sensvitive grip function and touch compartilization and you can easily use it in-game for a microphone, and @Sony has also got a way to stream your ps5 games on the iPhone and hookup this controller to play along and then the HD Camera accessory looks interesting. Other than that you have the second iteration of the virtual reality headset and the portable playstations got the ol' heave 'ho. @Playstation.
https://www.playstation.com/en-us/accessories/

"Iss alright if the poetry isn't exactly 4 me. Nor my style. Yes but that would be getting off topic. As I mean to gett more specific.

In this manner. As the manner has to be held. Whats this. The subject at hand. 

Thats why I believe we, together, are always in a constant sate, of Victimization. Where, sacre bleu? Was it post up? Is that the play.

Thats when you run down to the box and start bangin' bodies. Ya real dirty like. But the refs don't call much these days. U have to be a dirty player its known as 'Turbo.'

When could I have it? Your sayin' its all for naught? I'm all at a loss. How so?

Terrified. Bunt. Terrible news today and yesterday. Gonna be back later. 

Then minimize it. Select a new tab, ok this is gorgeous. Say hello, hi I'm new information. Its ok if you blacklist and 'x' out of it and never turn to it." @chipublib.

How interesting is to say the least, when your backs up against the log and you are a species that doesn't have to watch its back from any surprise predators in the midst of a prey. When it seems to prowl and give us no answers. Then it is an apex predator and should be seen as one. In this perfect environment of flesh, blood, words, physical reality and bones to add to the human pheamenological equation. As it was like before. In the time before there was scientific study where , the understanding, had no Real to call its name and then when it was intercepted with such a grace of emotional and physical divinity and that is the natural lining of the universe as it has been proven through our human study, once more.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larva