In this history, now say it once more. For we have every crime that has been done upon his dare I say to us, in front of us and against us happening in 
such a clever, cataclysmic, sorted way that it drags into a systematic approach and there is never anything as coalescing as the opportunity to put 
an animal down, drench it and remove it of all its perishable resources and continue on into the darkness as a new form, a darker form than before. 
But for that sake of history and this sake of history you would find more than you would have come to believe. I am saying history will suprise you 
with all of its hideous and beautiful facts. Impose. @smithsonian.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historiography

"Here it is.
When you reach the Heights.
And your driving on the Highway.
And there it all is.

The remnants.
Of what remained
Like the mathematical Remainder.
Of what is to come next.

Which is a dissertation.
Which is a complex.
Which in turn is a house.
To complete due, ill will.

Like a mailbox and a mailman.
But what I am speaking about what I am getting at.
As long as you gott sum good in ya.
Ur alright and ain't huntin', prowlin nor jivin' with dem murderers.

Everything will be okay.
Now that all of my life has gone.
Sacrificed but is it really gone
And is it irreversible.

I like to think that it is
But I don't like to gnaw at the wound.
Or think about all of the swee memories gone.
With my bitches who need it badly.

But I don't even know them yet.
But there awfully responsible.
But anyway less get back to it.
So your drivin'

I had a nice drive
had a tusk
had a toke maybe a pull whose lookin'
but drunk drivin' has gone way down.

Nobody really does it anymore.
Nobody really complains.
Nobody is really saying anything.
We don't want the big bad wolf to blow this house on down."
@chipublib.

I love when we sit down around, and play a game and with this one you can learn alot about life and at the same time this is how a true 
monopoly works and how that works is this: those who are in the monopoly benefit, where just printing money these days, and it comes down 
to theiving in such a way where the victims do not even know or have anything powerful which is economically large enough to protect 
themselves and even the President, quite frankly, could stand, once again, a victim to this very fact. Where we find, once more, 
this constant victimization happening to us, the defenseless, again once more. But I always have had cherished memories of mine on 
the boardwalk and the paper money felt like real money and the trademark figurines don't even get me started. With a game like, 
https://shop.hasbro.com/en-us/monopoly










