Take a look at me now. All the wretched and all of the spite, the human poison that is'in'us and all that was once here, gone today new tomorrow. Does that building give the city character does it bring us closer together, then knock it the f*ck down and once more place a modern business for err'bodie to remember and never take a look at it again, once more. There is whole lot of history here, good history and the southside looks like a god damn barracks the westside is barren and the nortside is covered in honkies with murder pigs. Hence so more. Good eat em' up place so you can take your bitch shoppin' glammin' chit chattin' all the once more. No'so I do, I know so. This is my block. I know thy grid. Sempiternally entertwined, once more. It feels good to have'it there, my Spirit, for it has given me everthing and I must make returns, now. A business community? A business harbor is more like'it for the 21st century and what that means is your business future based on the name alone. @chicago
https://www.chicago.gov/city/en.html

"Had it all congrats. But what is this now. Is this the remainder of what is good of necessity. Or is this the remainder of what is good natured through, although.

To be more. To be more dialect. To be a more necessary object. That is what they be axin'.

Well mostly. And what heights. Yet again. All those that Dance.

To feel free and out your body. which is your thoughts. your very Human Spirit, and all.

Whenever I do it feel remorseful. But whenever sumone else does it, celebrated. Kinda like a bank. Of thoughts.

Hmm, you must be speaking about intellectual property. Yours. But don't ya mean mine because I was the one who, brought it to the public first.

An' ya'll. There is a little fire, little bitterness? Why welp I hope you put that in a good place, Like New Hope College."

Then I think of it. Never had it. But what did ya' start with let me see there. See, there is always a beginning and once again, an ending. Thence'more and thither'more into the ages. For this is hinduism? I see. I see, once more. For numba's held power and if what that means if I, can control them, market them, figure 'dem and once more, naughty them. Woah. But didn't you mean derive the solution, I did. For I got the answer. Never did I think it didn't have a solution. And that is why I love mathematics. Its close to my heart. Especially.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algebra