I like to watch the MLB. I like to take it in. I like to root for my favourite team, the Chicago Cubbies. I meant, the @Cubs which is a multi-billion dollar franchise and I am so thankful I still get got my life to expand and as a poor man maybe perhaps afford one game a year, with my besties or even perhaps perhaps bring who has brought brung a girl with and now he's playin for the Yankees. I love the sportscasters, the environment. I'll take it all. And the beer is now about 11-15 dollars a pint, inflation. The nachos the pretzels the burgers cheeseburgers the troths the entrance the amount of security is almost un-nerving but once again. This is a family environment. @MLB.
https://www.mlb.com/

"So here it comes, all down the drain. All of my beauty, and it looks like. 

There is sumthin' to see. And thats all that there is once again. Is it sumthin' to be known. Like a lack luster. 

But I better not. I wouldn't be quadra-refined to thee. I'm in all that there is. Again. Oh'no. But it looks like another day is gone, say fellas. 

But in a sense am I still very really dirty. As I remember that Jim Carrey movie. The one, where he dances. And then all.

Theres what I got. But theres what you got. Now whats the difference. Hey, I'm substraciton. 

When its the hounds and all of the hunnies. And human screams. A childs is the best. Its the most defenseless. 

Because it just doesn't know the adult world. And the the pickle, pick your pickel, from the jar.

That is what I would like to equate it to. And then all, once more. That, there is yet to be defined? Hark. We already know so much about ourselves.

Already. Now. There. I said it."@chipublib.


Ya' know what. I don't feel too much of it. Too much how you say, Air and not enough ground to cover, so to say. So it doesn't look like there we can ya' know send one at then end or inch of its life heavily armed with all the Constitutional right to bear arms and walk around like a god-damn coward-like Lunatic. Hell-bent. And then we all enter this stage. And its always at the beginning or'is'it the End and now that that doesn't matter anymore less us continue on as I don't remember my commencement speaker and I don't really hold anything dear for what it said to me and I walked on my own during my heyday and now I have a business heyday and what else do I have for you hear, oh ya' life is spent mostly workin' like some church choir school boy always a veteran which means expertise.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commencement_speech
















