Now I find it utterly complexing confusing deliberating consumption of the theatrical take on it because you wouldn't, I will not, find any use of this word anywhere else. We all remember when @LadyGaga done it, how is Mr. Montana? She's dating which is a good sign for all those who love her, the very best and the most honest those kind and goodness. In such a way that it would bring a demented side, take and a look yet a glance away and if the other gender would play such a role it would be rather freeing, at the same time riske and still to this day very very riske and when it happens. The male and female. Show what they exactly know about eachother, in totality. And then the characters take on this other-worldy form, that can be a joy to see and yet painful to watch at some times, of the hour or yet as again, the day.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travesti_(theatre)

"Well I wasn't sure the last time. Wasn't sure the next time. I don't go doubly sure all at once. So once more Roze would have to think about it.

When the goin' gets goot. Whenever I feel down I always grab for a piece. Which piece would that be. Nun'ya business. 

When the goin' gets 'tuff. As I am no longer 'tuff 'enuff. Theres a marked pursen with it all planned out. Got a leg up on it, as they say.

Whenever it comes time. I'll say it again. Whenever ya'll feel like it. Hop, skip and a jump. 

Down memory lane. But is it really for me. Don't know would have to go up it once more. But it seems u can only go backwards.

Not words u dig. Wards, which means any wrong-doing in any yard would be enough for a retaliation, regurgitation or self defense. In this high priced game of, hush-hush.

That is no sweeter dice and dust that that hush-hush and several brutal assaults for any small criminal offense at any time. I said so I shall. 

Be quiet is all. Thats when they look their best. All silent, and listening jus' what to do next." @chipublib.

Which brings me to the latest, gotta remain on my game, the boiler room, the itch and scratch, the perplexing numbers and to live-bies. Bye Bye. Too many things to remember but its always about being a better pursen than you was before. Oh' you'll find me listening to on that repeat, the thuggers as they are called, for I like that rattle it speaks to me just like Chicago does Detroit and we are very closely related and suffer from the same problemas and have a certain aquantiance relationship, building the same way you find here. Where they make Lions. @boldyjames.
https://music.youtube.com/channel/UC7ZQDHdaFxjgyzY6svVv7Ww



















