We got a fund here. We got a piece of technology that needs to adhere. We got. We have. This. That. What it all factors down to as always, is ease of use. That is what I want, and I want it to be seamless. I want the function, the approach and finally the connection. To be without bugs. Without cautions and without anything coming between me and my piece of technology, because'so. That is what technology is, as its ever-changing and there is nothing about it that says its going to stay the same. Once again, all @Apple a happy man. Mixed digital products. There needs to be a better cross-roads a better way to compliment each and every other technology. To succeed as a whole, because the user is using a variety of tech' companies to its best extent. Most have only a phone, maybe a laptop.
https://www.apple.com/

"When it comes time, what do you do. Is it all that you say. Is it all for me, too much to say now. 

Would it be all that there was. And I might have to get particular here. When I said it I meant it. As that would pertain to my personal belief. 

Moving on. What is all that we believe in. What is it all that we hold dear. Is it something that means everything to us.

At the same time. Follow me. Like the rabbit and the tortoise. Why is that so famous?

Because math is so famous. Famous in the sense everyone knows it. Famous meaning it exists for all time. Furthermore meaning it is necessary to understand. 

Which is to know. For these are the building blocks of our foundations. In an intellectual sense. To be known, did you check out those latest sneaks." @chipublib.

I love the simplicity. To share some of your photographs to share some of your @stories. Its instant. Its simple. And its a choice for you, personally, if you want an online profile or not. And their is alot of thinking to go in with that as well. This is a cultural turning point. One day before this and then the next day after this release. Everyone has now turned to @instagram and its counterpart @tiktocUS. Which are both very similar. The ability to show what you are doing, where and when exactly it happened. Is an event of 21st century turning-technology. I love the fact, that this company. Is taking to the forefront and battling with every nerve, pin and dogmatic aureallean example of defiance to this, still a problem? What are the other problems in this world. I think this app can solve them all. Its called, 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instagram