Had a craze. But whatcha'talkin'bout. There it was the ride we have to go on. But shouldn't it be enjoyable. The rides. Well not all rides are and in fact some are timeless, which means they haven't aged with the times and there needs to be an explaination of what needs to happen. Like for example, "Its A Small World." Whatever that that title is. The line itself leading to that enterprise, has its history. There it was. There I was, spreading out once over. There's Johnny. Hi, I said say Hi, Johnny! There he is almost life-like and similar very similar to this department of, "gold me matey'!" Then I had it. I got it. When I first saw the "@Twilight Zone the Tower of Terror" I thought it was actually Real. I couldn't believe to it myself. Perhaps roze thinks some actually create small-time damage. Like for instance the interactive movie, "Bug's Life" the stinger still hurts to this day. And perhaps other rides are little, "jittery." This is about safety, after all. So there you go. @DisneyWorld is upon us, here is it's home website:
https://disneyworld.disney.go.com/

"Whenever I get like this, I think to meself. How could I be. I'mwas just there.

Weren't you waiting in my mind. Swimming rather, but howabout sum squash, that would be nice.

I have learnt. No grave harm. Life changing. But in my world, in my world.

A knife. A blunt object, its always a gun from afar, it never goes off.

Because sumthing happens, something becomes unwhirled, then you see this attacker all crazed, once again enjoying thy sadistic pleasure.

But it loses it self, and in the process, I'm not only dead if I don't run but he needs a murder pig clearance. And that murder pig needs the 'kronie, its on clearance.

So I ran for me life, never have, but I am weak in the joints, and the air of me lungs comes out real fast, I have to warm up me legs first.

But my attacker doesn't care about that, he's coming for me and me life. Nothing in between. What Roze is saying its quite transfixing...

Further proving when you least expect it. When your down for the count and sittin' idle. Here comes the Bringer of your Untimely Death round the 'korner. And I can't believe it how could a person. Act so harsh towards me and often for nothing. Absolutely nothing. Then it becomes Dark. Very Dark,, then by by definitio'n the Attacker'all'waze'Wins this'god'damn'bout..)>/.y ok'. Roze has learned to break out of the shock-locc."@chipublib.

What does it mean. What are the two points, sometimes three but the meaning of the example is that this is what happens when it becomes something else or has arisen is more like'it. All the more. Is it the same as saying parallel the answer is it would mean these terms are now together something completely opposite reciprocally and complimenting eachother in these mathematical remarks. Tell me more son. I said it was the same as before now I have a perfect example of a right angle. 90*. And the same as it was before. Now that is the difference, by mathematical law if it is 90* it is now this definition of two planks, lets call them that. However. Can 2 planes meaning the definition of two objective manifolds scientifically researched to be this mathematical definition from eachother, the answer is resoundingly yes. Differential Integral Harmonics. @CNN @FoxNews @Apple @Wolfram_Alpha @yobislove.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perpendicular



















