So I had just saw this player. This @NBA player on the billboard. Gigantic advertisement saying that he supports this and he plays for that. Da'Bulls. And all this extra work just to be a playoff team and they didn't even make it this year. Better luck next year. And that what this city has done since the days of MJ. Trying to build a playoff team that can make some kind of miraculous run late in the playoffs or just be somehow unbeatable down the stretch and get a collegiate looking chip. The home where these young bears play and yes, its next to boys town and I dare I just said'it. This is low key. And this. This is loud. So no matter how you slice it. There I go onto the north'side and take in a historic ball game inside of the historic friendly confines. To watch my bitches favourite team play. She likes whatching them in their tight pants that show off a feature well, in play. During play and after in the dug-out. April fools' day is a celebration of telling someone one thing and having it be a lie. Then that person looks like a complete and utter fool. Fools itself. And you then rest'assured the man, woman, boy or girl that its just the holiday. So get over'it. And get'on with your damn'self.
https://www.mlb.com/cubs

"Now less bring it together. Attic attack and less get outta there. For more would be on point. There, there it was. Ah.

I said I wanted to be here. If I didn't. Why would I say that I was there in the first place. This is good and there this is better.

All good nah. Nah. Never had a problem. But sumtimes you don't need a problem. But u certainly kneed the coverage?

I could have sumthin' that this is sumtimes when you need. What is all that I need. When I got everything that there is. Homey'

Well whats say we dance again. All night baby. Had a good shooter. Had all of the mixture. To be had.

Then the lights came on. I always remind myself and, like always. I am alone and I haven't scored.

But I had to learn a couple times. Thas' all it took, to find out. One-night-stands are disgusting.

More to be than all, there is one more, I would like to say, quander quite actually, here comes the time. Its all mine. My gosh." @chipublib.
https://www.nba.com/bulls

We feel it, adhere to'it. Like I said get over it. "Wrigley Field" if those once again, friendly confines, could talk. What they would say not only all of the violence, but all of the good times. The family times, to be shared and once was. To feel that luster! Of how a human being becomes one with the surrounding structure and spend most of their money on nachos, pizza, a burger and 3 pints. Which would run you about 60-80 dollars these days. But how about'it. When we look at it, then have it register. In our hearts and minds. But especially our minds and what is 'partaking' most pecuilar is who we all fit into our seats and watch, one and all, a common-universal-all-eyes watching at one time, in the park. At da'time. That it was. Is he going to stay a Bull. The next time he will play will be here, there we would find us watching, observing a common-wealth once again common-place. To utter and match. Get drunk. Get 'lit off whatever is'At hand and readily available and most of all, generousity of kindness towards others but not one of the most happenin' places for a mass murder, a gun spree or how'about a bombing. Because I feel attune in more ways than one and this kind of place can do that for me, and once more now. @chicagobulls. @cubs.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stadium
