What was about that, What? I said, my goodness. And I checked myself, upright right? Righteo. I said, right tee oh'. There then was that meant and here you'go here is more, of that there Meant. I had thought so. I absolutely loved your corn tough good tasting Krust it has the perfect bend'to'it. The perfect rebound off of the red sauce and cheeses. The topic'ings feel good on the corn-tortilla, italian bread, like pizza crust. Where it has become very famous. I am a pepperoni guy which means, sadly, that I am also a soldier of heartburn guy'Later as well. Then it would be ever'so plainly, to mean better to ween off of the stuff if the habit gets to unhealthy. Eating pizza all the time. Pizza eating. No one can. Eat. It, al the time. There isn't a place in @chicago that isn't more well known and one of the greatest tourist spots in the center of @chicago, the Gold Coast, River North, West Loop neighborhoods. The Loop. This place. Get in while you can. @GiordanosPizza
https://orders.giordanos.com/?_gl=1*3ugt9f*_gcl_au*MTQzNzY5MTI2My4xNjg0OTU0NzE3#/menu/2a4c93f7-5ec4-405a-8cc3-c7e0cbbfc65a/ToGo/Pickup

"When it was the meant. When I said I. When I got trust I. Then nevermind. There I was. Ever'so. There I got meant, once more. Once again. All I meant was, this is the random Event. That is taking place. Like some god grown all known and now is a household name. Once again, my goodness. And there it was, all the time. Time that it was. Then I had another, I thought so to Myself. And then I danced. Huff. I said happy and then I said Happy you and I. There I was going to the random, tough'of'it. The center. Of our Destiny. Collective Destiny there'I'Had'it Oll'tough'it once again. I said so. I." @chipublib.

So what can food tell us about our self-sustaining bodies and our ethinical root nationalities further dividing us into everlasting peace, tranquility the boring solidarity and don't get me started on how noble. It would be the time that it would take to be the remaining remains of what your current dish'was. How'd you get so'Happy'wouldn't you take the time'To'Oull'So'Much'Ast'er'Look'At'It. I said so, I wanted so to be so more than I was before than I remembered at the moment of good fortune, of rather luxerious leisure after having it delivered. May I spoil myself with the pleasures of the fruits I tell myself of my so called labor and what happens is this: harmony of a equilibrium between the forces of the world and my forces, I make money. I make enough money to buy me and my bitches some kind of takeout. I'm only talkin' the good expensive food. The food that is more healthy, and there is more of good food around it and of'it. Then you can develop a better harmony within yourself and you become relaxed and eating almost becomes a form of meditation when your into a variety of food sciences and culinary arts.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuisine