For what I nothing, that I can recant then what sum'mote. That 'dat. Sudo. The rad'u. The pole. The question of the answer the time of is. 
There is many different instances, examples, progensis of artificial intelligence. First and foremost when we first brought computers into our reality. 
Call it assembly language. Then the recent recall of A.I. as a tool, of a search and find kind, A.I. then narrows it down to its best ability what 
type of search that you want displayed. With a term like synthetic intelligence which is a branch of this research. Done by today. It would seem that 
this entity wouldn't need to be sentient. It would have to perform a list of practices, have a list of properties and then from their be an operating 
piece of technology that is fully suited to complete the jobs at hand. You would travel all throughout the categories as that we see. However. The 
question always arises what cannot be digitalized in this day and age. We have every technological capability in order to do so. The most work in 
this system is dedicated to the organizing, the data store and data gathering, big data, of all of the information that teams of professionals come to, 
store that information and then organize all of those data tables into a final project that would adhere to a system that will be able to give that 
information to anyone at any time, in a timely manner.

"The other port of it, the port of wine. That you see before you.

The remainder, the once again the remainder. The dose.

The reaction, match, in a timed effort port a' la done.

Troupe.

There would be a defining moment.
There wouldn't be anything else to say."

So there it goes on and down and up and around, and we have to understand it because everything that is known now is understood by a computer and 
also by a human. Not everything is known and not everything can be recanted by a computer or a person for that matter. I like this subject the 
best because it resembles a patter, that we can find in an other example, leading to that patterns existence in similarity or the repeat of what 
has come to an end. And it will most certainly do'so. Then it would be the matter. Matter done so'more so ever'so certainly. Then it would be grand. 
Then it was the make of the model. How so. Here you have that. Here it goes. The matter of speaking. The lists, the heaps, the trees. These are some 
of the design patterns that a grandoise amount of data information would need to be stored and you factor it down to bits of memory and how many 
hexadecimal terms you can, once again, factor it down to or represent in a bigger scope, what exactly this would lead to represent. So you have 
with every representation, the minute detail and it is a very long representation, or the final transformation, the simplification of the material 
in a short constant.


















