You know what I like the very best. The calm takes. The no rush at the line to choose. The best of part all. I meant to say. Happy @mcdonalds there 
that has a good ring to-it. Like a golden crunch to the fryer. The suspection of the griddle. The marriage of beef patties with whole buns and 
ketchup and mustard and pickles and onions and American cheese. Is a magistry. Is a depiction. No. I say it once more. A magnificent display of 
American food and somewhere that has a place for everybody and you can in fact, dine in. Some dining rooms are small, some even have a play-place 
where Ronald McDonald allows the children but once before you must take off your shoes, in order to play in the tunnels, the slides, the climbing 
obstacles and the ball pit.
https://www.mcdonalds.com/us/en-us.html

"Never had it more than that day and it was the same as before with the same brevity like a breath out of my head then my piper-marshmellow-bodie 
that I had a thought out of the looking glass, the harpin, the gaze of a rule of thumb. When I got a gaze out. There I was looking, seeing, 
wearing the same thumb as I was once before. There I got it all in my head that this is this, was dumb. As it wasn't what it was before and it 
got all the dumbstruck on-out-togo and what when that I had it all it there you go. Go up and down. Then take a look around and there is one before you, 
around you and above you. All around there it goes the gazing, who knows where or when it will let up or when it will let out. Your not letting-go. 
That would be. The drive by. The same problem you was before that you got all of it out. For it. Out. Same as us. For all of us. There was no more to say." @chipublib.

So why is there a precipice of an attraction centering surrounding these still, beyond belief, can't believe it once again, why do we have-it, 
what is the necessary of this, what good is this? Why have I grown in frustration from asking myself these questions. Is it because I don't know 
the answers and there needs to be several accomadations for this type of inclusion of technology field to the market. The post I can say to myself, 
is that. Walking. For all intents and purposes, is not convienant nor the best way of travel and that is why their are many alternatives. Then walking. 
Can you think of the other way you would rather travel, than walking. Because walking to and fro. Isn't the best way to think about going from place to 
place. So why not a machine, some type of technological jump to a conclusion. Time again and again. We try to envision a society with personal flying 
machines like cars, private jets and motorized scooters. The answer is we don't want as a human race to factor in that air space, next idea. 
This [box set] is dedicated to one of the greatest minds the world, history has ever seen, once a painter then became a doctor a researcher an 
inventor and progenitor. @mcdonalds.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leonardo_da_Vinci
























