Time and time again. Here we are. At the offering. Of an americana. And how it was so beautiful to you and me and well, to others. Enjoying their hard earned work and they can spend some disposable income on their other hands and mouths enjoying with their eyes all around. Loving every minute of it. The way the softserve of your choice, takes to the candy coating. Its so perfect. So put in place, to ease tensions and well, once again to show how pretty an ice cream cone desert canbe. When its all hands down and you don't know what just to do. I'll order one of every kind but I stick to the bacon cheeseburgers, fries'onionrings'cheesecurds and the pretzel zesty queso offering as well, once thrice more then finally a classic Americana vanilla shake to be'its'anne'match. To the closer. Official officially the rest of the name, game has had gone'onto like this. 
@DairyQueen @MLB
https://www.dairyqueen.com/en-us/

"When I remembered, the last damn day. That I was a ground. Across, the bend and the bull and the damned time that it was the same day as it was across all the time itself. And I had alot of my time to look see, to see and then to eat at the same time. Same damn time? Well. I don't yet. But it doesn't look like that either. That same damn time that was okay then it was before, like all bad? Bad it is some more, then. Then it wasn't anymore, then. Then thats right. I said it was more like it, than I didn't even know it. You know, like before? Should. Act. Bent. Tumble. More words?" @chipublib.


You take your pick @UN, which stain. Which family. Which victim, individually had the most damage done onto them and their surrounding next of kins? Kin. I said, one time I don't really like hearing about that. And in some ways evil outdoes evil because it needs to build a successor'ful evil empire, that can effectively cannabalize, mass murder, orchestrate mass famine outbreaks, protrude profound human starvation, design chemical and nuclear weapons in this modern day mechanized guerilla domesticated warfare and the reminder of what it has all come effectively, down to. Because originally, empires where built on involuntary human sacrifice and the grotesque human ethnical cleansing leading all innocent families into either a gas chamber so they can be together, hold one and another or prognosis strange surgical mutilations to promote interesting introspection and medical experimentation on helpless and defenseless, once again families of a specific family descent; where built off of blood and guts, and not the good forces keeping us all alive, breathing and well-- no, but in our empirical origins the powers of evil lead their greatest empires based off of and through the order of these, forcing everyone living to not only obey but live under the spirit of violence, hatred, murder, rape, theft and physical harm to any and all good and innocent.
@Apple @NEIU @WhiteHouse.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_genocides