When I hadit to Last. And on Last. Sume more. And I needed it and sometimes the tape got in the way of the johnson sometimes the johnson got all wrapped up into the tape tolding it together and hold. Once more, hold and heave'ho. And the se. Of course, it was the worst thing that could've happened and I'needed it now more than the right so. And /or the left'so and all you know that you need to conqumerpreseveer over'see than over'throw the ruling tyrannical murderous one common enemy that only murders, contain violent harm or grave harm to innocent standard passerbys and the needed controlling necessary fully vent out the necessary once again other evils that can be done, hidden, forbidden and nomenclature statist and taxonimfiied into a table of your discussion, of what best evil is in this world. Gosh. Olmost done learning to hold it and go to the potty already, thanks rapist accessory to murder slave holder letting my rapist in, only a stranger you found, and my begotten whore ofa another successful, bold and does'not'care'about'the'consequences accessory to murder, filantro'roper, discuss'made'to bitch 'hussie no man to me under the law, some kind of wicked mixed breast tape basket whore of whores. Who knows what other generously sorted and orchestrated crimes they got to monetary pleasure themselves over and live in this way and act in this way under the safety and the control of all the power that there was. To this world. Of ours.

"When I had a mixtape.
Ventriloquist.
See me mix a lot.
And I hadda tape'trope'more'st.

And I hadda, alot.
A whole lot.
And the reckoning.
And the more'reckoning.

The shake of the dial.

The crust of the beach.

The dance of the sister. 
With the my mother.
And her other sister sisters sister, auntie.
Mommas mother day.

And soon it looks, like Gee-Whiz, Fathers Day is upon us.
A whole'nother day to make-mea-match-quick-as'you'can. And then dust.
That was only the reminder, come now.
And the discussion, dirt patch, dugout. Dirt work. Dirt froth.
Like sandese.
Once more.

Now knowing.
Which way is up?!? And which way is down. Now no more but the lick'er of my head. The master. That was the tango.

Here you go t'both'of'em and then the same, of course the same, come now.

There it goes. 
Once again up all round, and the sound and the dirt dugout remember that, One!.xt!?

Thanks."


Then never more. Never mind. Never some. Neversum I said. Theres that god for now. And then the more now, well just now. And then I need it to give me the dramatic arc. That necessarly common green'good. Nev'did"I'ever. Say that I have. So this came into being and the Greeks put Latin and then French, even Frenchy and then back onto the Greek Spelling, the root of theword. And then once again, the that necessary discussion and more'so. SoIhadit. Then't once more after that, like I said. And it gives good rims to the night, nite before us all. Once again. Then name of the place, the time of the name'day place and'll you'll just start to lose yourself over its history and how'differently it has passed on thru and across the world letting every ethnicity, heirarchy, path'city, nomenclature tabloid, never more than ever, nationality come to race, pasture us. When its come or'er and wipe the rest of the plate and start a new one and they, we, us even built gigantic versions of this same make and model, because they were so, just'so, useful.










https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lantern

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photosynthesis

https://www.huggies.com/en-us/





