When I had it. There was more than what I like. To so. So once again, I had to use a little there and little'more there. No'more so than I wanted than what was before than anything else that was'else there. There that wasn't going to be. So I used multi-colors and I got so wrapped up in the fun and squish and yet again the stretch-of-it. I got the colours mixxed all'up together and more'so. So I thought it would be eassy to come'apart but I was mistaken. Forgotten. Like some sky lark and I had to come back on down to it and realize that things change and will continue to do so. So you know what I had'to'do. Make do. Thats what. @Hasbro @playdoh

"Hello.
One and all the 2wo.
Which you would be made to believe.
This and that.

Was once there,
is now all gone
and decrepit.
No more but yet it is still on sale.

There is no more to this now.
All I said was this one more time and this one more time again.
This could be the best time I have ever had.
When it was all shucks and lucks.

These things last 6-11 years
at least that is the hope.
For this irreversible damage is always there.
Now, once again, I don't want to gnaw at the wound.

There it is the one more.
Time.
Then it was before
So it was the same time before
that is how the 24 clock goes by itself.

Then this one time.
And more as one time,
leads to another and after that you remind yourself
your in playskool coldhearted you kneed sumthin' to do.

When I could have it.
What would I have.
I am not sure.
Beggers can't be choosers."
@chicago public library.

So its a master. Class. Then now and then once again, chief of staff, chief executive whats the difference? I had to ask myself once more, where is the only place order, rule of law and the figurative and non-fictional embodiement of the entire United States of America and where is that'headed. In fact. We see our lives being played out before us. In war. In the streets. Even in the consumer worships of a dedicated store for your own disposal let it be eats or sneaks. Moving back to the matter on some more. Is this. Dialect. Direction. Focus. There is that word again and so once more we find ourselves trying our best, our very collective one and all best, as veterans and widows and those who gnaw at our personal freedoms like snitches. Well that doesn't exactly make alot of indirect sense, nor directly now Shaun. Let us think. About it. About what, what else can we do the reason we are so powerful and on the fore front is because we are the product of the United Kingdom and we represent the greates form of individual freedom a person can buy with their time, their flesh and yes, their blood and American soul. Thank you.


























