A journey into painting through the most beautiful paintings

So I perused the book of Face. Face. Hey big daddy. Well I happened to find upon, a strong curator and he's takin' on as anyone else who will find this representation and 'stand' for what they believein. And whats the matter of it now. Is this. That I believe in protection and safety for all and the removal of violence through our human and technological capabilities because thats what it has come on down to and there is no recognize of that effort but'that'what'was all. And I have seen as early as the 1400's and there isn't any need for amateur painters, no, this is only the best and you will find modern. Still life. Examples of stasis. Just to give a good position in your research of the greatest paintings of all. And which should be shared, to this dusk. Day. Night. Mourning in the step meantime. And I mean it, alongside it. A beautiful feed that has become essential to my...'taking in'. I actually picked it because it was from Brazil and I would be better in touch with my South America and my bretheren fromit. Girls, women and brothers, men and boys included.
https://www.facebook.com/1000quadri

"When I got it but when I had it. But I never had it, didn't I. I never had it in the first place. Law and justification.

Once again, no need to dirty your hands, nor bring your law and justification. Let us have the murder pigs solve this. Ah' there it is a mountain from a molehole. 

Which is another loop hole. But whose lookin, and who's kountin' Not much to be there no more that ain't like it. There it goes the toss up. But its my life in the balance, yours? Not on the line and never was. Not your law and justification and well-bein'

Ah-ah no, nope. Doesn't look like we are getting along much there. It always leads somewhere else have you ever held and innocent all guilty like and then when one was this and when one was like that?

What could happen. All that is. I can go, technically above the law and bring the law, justification and retaliation upon thee? For what for your disregard, for lookin', for gettin' in me way, for not allowing my calm collect of wafting my hatred, bigotry and lividness.

See I don't like you, that is why I am at your neck, fuck what you believe. Nor what you live for or represent. That is all, carry on. Your calm refrain. Do you enter my intrusion.

You get it."@chipublib.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bart_syndrome
So this is a big study. What does it mean when something of a chemical, physical, biological even mathematical probability mean when it is applied to the human bodie, and its makeup. Its doneso. When your more like it than everyday. This what put in place because it was scientifically researched and we know that human beings have been proven to evolve over time and whyisthat? Its because of what has happened, our events, in our history that we have lived, through and rather brutally, to get here: this point. And that not only explains genetics but also histography and then other genres of human knowledge, because once again its human capability and technological capability at our dispose and what we remember of this, yet a new genetic study, to prove exactly what? What we need to prove that is all and more'so. So what does this mean to roze:? That a gene can lead because it is the dominant one over the other ones. Or just one. Now, thats more like it. For here, we have barely scratched the surface.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dominance_(genetics)

