Cram. And suck. And wait. The suck and wait. But what I really was talking about isthat. The crunch of the box. The simple stain on my shirt. O'my'God. The normalcy of the orange, the estrange of the red. I've had the geene. I don't know why but it was, kind, of a simple decent helpin'. I thought so myself and I knew'so. Then it was their the day of the same day as that it was. And if your found at @Mcdonalds, its either true or the Sweet Sweet'Tea with light ice. It ain't easy. But you know the difference. This, I said 'dis dink' has history toit. And what is tied toit. More moving'on and now its notified. I just finished, had one to meself'. And I knew so. Continuing on. 

Now it is time for the moving and the transversing of different subjects: Roze's version of, "the Poet."

"When it was like this?
Then what it was before?
This time.
Is this a new place?

Are we in a new setting, of ours.
Its always us dealing with the problem
and if u'guff, exclaim! you see its an attack on your attacker.
You see it just as this.

Now moving on.
We stand our ground.
It still comes on.
We waft the warning of law and justification.
And what ever so happens what is this?

You can have the law not come on by,
the murder pigs you mean and find criminal wrong-doing by my face, my looks and my mouth because you most certainly won't find it by my hands.
Nor anything else of the sort.
What is that, your taking it into your own hands? What is that, the sweet justice, well once again, let us have the murder pigs sort this out. Because we won't be getting a good and honest cop that sees both parties and can relate to both parties in such a way that it would be meant to be debilitating each some court source space.

Now, now, now reason for such a life or death situation, your endangering yourself my attacker of mine. This lawful regurgitation of mine. Do you see it as the response as you full know and well that this is what it takes to solve a problem. There is many embellishments, systematic violences and grey ares to behold.

I have never physically harmed anyone.
I have 3 misdemeanors class C's to thy name.
Yet to pay the court fines. O' jeez.

Could of been there. 
But I wouldn't of been you now was'ould I/
Now that would take an art?
You can attack without the law comin'
I see.
And if it does, its going to press me, the victim with its pig charges.
Or be absolutely and completely nowhere to be seen during, before and after the attack takes place.

For I am the example of perfect human prey.

That is all." 
@Chicago Public Library.

So what happened? And if you think, that something that has been gotten'spoken'heard'of out. Then you must take this serious because in some sense, or the other, it was once held in absolute binuveral truth. And thats it. What if I said that medical discoveries where held in a constant state of approval and medical study because they contain different ideas, medical philosophies and medical treaties, truths, ways of examining the human bodie that isn't exactly according to the human beings current held order and state! The same thing would be said about the education system that we have here in the United States of America. Where, for example we are keeping the same teachers and doctors, from saving the patients and teaching the students. So I would like to then draw that similarity because often when you read these-far-reaching-truths it becomes a way to describe what is truly going-on. But nobody has the position, business power and medical capability to try to see if these are-in-fact medical solutions and once again, which is a family tragedy, big power players using their "Big Pharma" at their dispose is are using! Anything they can to promote their ways, their medical diagnosis and medical solutions-- until they are proven to be the only solutions. In some regard, in a medical science sense once again, that is true. The only way to go about it. And as we have previously discussed, and talkedabout is this: we have covered the Extent of our currently scientifically, "We are all Doctors, here" of and from and about which is to; medical science parameters. And there needs to be a open door, for any solution no matter big nor small or any crazy idea that anybodie has to solve this one commmon question and that is..To solve terminal illnesses making patients suffer to die! From unnatural causes. When the academic world, let me tell you has ammassed enough. Information. Over the centuries. To come together, finally, and once and for all. Keep our family members from dying of preventable diseases. And such so forth of any kind of medical diagnosis that has been termed dire, from family-trusted doctors and not the criminal doctors, that milk the cow, and continue to do nothing even though they have it in their power to save the patients and only profit from the course of their own patient's death.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Pharma_conspiracy_theories
https://www.hi-c.com/
























