So I had a lot to look at. Dare did I see, all of the sports covered. Well, mostly. They make good traction. Durability. I have seen some with heartships. Carved upon'it. 
No did I think so, to look no further. I always felt it was self-sufficient. And the dare I say more, I am always pleased. Appeased. Bountiful. 
Thoughtless only thinking about sport, the game at hand. And it has never failed me. @Wilson

"I betcha didn't wanna say so.
Otherwise you would be all tongue is tied.
Then it hits the marks.
And its all out in the workings.

Whenever I get like this.
I remind myself.
These two catchy things.
One is I don't have it and you mysteriously do.

How do you come of it, out it of it.
I want me one of those things.
Then it comes down to the law isn't out in the air no more.
And as long as the attacker moves in this hypnotic disgrace.

It can then command, some say even take you hostage.
And its a hold up
and its random 
and your all naturally scared.
There isn't any other answer the reason is because the murderer
and rapist have you in their sights. What else do you want to come out of it out of
it as I have previously said so myself?

The opinion is a matter of fact you gotta, I gotta come with their kind of skills to meet their eyes and in order to do that I would need a murder pig and 
some krook county krooked molasses and then I can easily move aorund and do my bidding. Even if I where to somehow press murder pig charges againts him 
that would tie me up all night and I would have a court date to go to even if it gets to that point but in my case.

There sides side with and the agitator.
The complete self.
In this world of mine.
What do you want to look farther then what I have for you here
right here right now.
Is it the answer you are looking for?

Hold on."
@Chicago Public Library

So I was sure. The same chemical element that was the same as it was before. The day before. Under the correct synthesis synthetic sychronization. You 
would find a chemical property. Properties, that would entail how, just how, this element reacts to Others, and also to Nature. Our nature, Mother Gaia. 
Because that is why, where, this comes from. Some scientist, came by, discovered'it and named it. And that is how we have come to realize all of the other 
elements on the Periodic Table and we still have'yet to name them All. Its tough. Its bright. It contains other chemical properties that other elements have. 
We all know the medical properties of 53. We have come to learn the different properties that this element, could serve us. Who else does it serve? Who serves 
for this, 53. I ask you this. But also hypothesize. I am Roze.
@Apple @Northeastern Illinois University @City Colleges of Chicago.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iodine
https://www.wilson.com/en-us






















