The mourning after. Well what could that'be. Sometime after watching some'Of'the 'TV. I put down the "TV" but I didn't really I wanted to watch some old time shows and some other interesting thingz. But that wouldn't be specific nor happen'to'wait forit. The all time. Feeling. Once again. Of a bowl. Of a metal spoon. Of the demand. Of the time awaited. But I always think of a styrofoam'bowl. But that isn't what I wanted a clay'pot would be'betterz. More ceramic, metallic, plastic? I could'say. What I love about this flavour, this kind of very'cereal is becauz. It has texture. One of the few that you may find'olz. 'Ru'tx'rl'rut'ut'z'ol'er'zru't'olz'. Then once again the pour of the materials, into the box. And juss'what is it made up of? What nutrients, what chemicals and most fof'all'z 'rt et'||:u;z't'u'll;e'f;u'llerz'tut're;llz. Dart. Sugar. Clumps. 2% nothing more. The toast of the bagel, plain if you'do'not'haff multigrain. With butter or cream'toast. I don't know did'you mean, cream cheese. The'o'ul? I did. And its crazy character-driven story. Heaven send, hell-bent'0lz:'tu'ol0't'rl0;rz; How long have you been around'?olz.ou/'",'o:pz>. Simply 1965. @Kellog's Apple Jacks.

"Well
whadda ya gotta say jack.
You want a piece of me and my guys.
It means nothing and nobody
and its all on me now.

Then you struggle to live
and are lucky to get away without a scratch.
But most of the time its just a solid jack in the face for nothing.
Avoided being stabbed it hasn't escalated beyond that 
at this point

Where I like to keep a calm refrain
once more
and everybody is looking around at me.
There it was. Then it was all gone.

The strategy is to run for your very life.
The attack, I must say, never have I seen such a calm.
I should be worried about this, but I am not in the least bit.
Because the murderer and rapist cannot act alone.
It needs friends, subordinates and knowing who is going to cover its ass and bring absolutely no questions or answers to this kriminal that moves freely and at leisure and because the world exists as it does it is allowed the freedom.

Which can be scary.
And the people that band together with the most dark and awful of these murderers and rapists do not often show me into the darkest patches of what human consiousness could and has been like on a whole lot of evil at one time, in a repetitive manner and in a celebratory group dystopia setting. It would be quite the feature to behold.

But I know I have evil in me and that seems fairly easy to contain and then describe
and fill mysel with any human emotion I so choose and survive
because its life or death out there and we still live in a societal reality that this is killed or be killed if you have a murderer or rapist on your ass."/z. @Chicago Public Library.

So I got 'r'rt'lmad.':r'lz:r'tu'ol:z'q. I don't know sometimes I would like to listen to the radio, where they have a nice screen saver and the reason'being'is'becuz. This isn't one thing or the other. This is family business. True, tried and old and young heartz'set on their careers, not only Hang'in the balance. But the collectionz. The varieties, as I have o'lsaid. z.'t'et'rte'tolz;gyo'll'olz. Is one of a kind. It does things for you and what these crooked, corrupt, dangerously special interest is'that how you'Spell bribes these days. Wanna'not only take, but take it all from this lonely, yet powerful o'so'Powerful, family owned business. Never did I think that @comcast would stick its neck'out'for'little'Ol'Me. 'olet'zur'rt'ert'r'uller'Orr'tu'llorez'tu'Estay'olly:''t'u'r'etr'ze'l;guerz';lyer'oler'u'tu'er'ou'oll'er'oetuz'll'olly. Once more. Then I want to catch something. I want to hold something. Ah'the Remote() :-> there you Are(_)>. I had a Day at'it. It was so fine. The over-reaching' the over'bearing the intrusive practices. That is what I am told to believe, those employees, and what we have seen in the past has repeated itself, and what I believe 'what you have here @Comcast, if I may call u' that. Is those "bad" employees dragging you down. Further toiling it, tinkering it, busting it. Until it breakz. 'Oll:z'tu'llog'zt'ullerz:llug;'ll'o'r'tllyo'll'gy'zt. And who is left standing. Where do we go from here? How else does it bend, twist and break to our dismay or in fact are'liking. Who is fer certain. And what is this, where does this go. Who can tell? I know the answer, its whats on.


https://thomasbreads.com/products/bagels?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=test_copy&utm_content=legacy&gclid=Cj0KCQjwzdOlBhCNARIsAPMwjbw3MHFNNjMHP2EcJaq3GNrHSdgpToE8u1Z4BMlOznynhQmSjWkexPUaAnOoEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comcast


https://www.applejacks.com/en_US/home.html?fbclid=IwAR33qtb0mBtZ4koJJb_mk4a8NfuBZbm2Q3cr3PrYY4FaVrxNmLf9jTKb4cQ











