"Boy did I walk a long time that night.
I got black out 'krunked, once again.
I didn't know where I was and I woke up in sum' random place.
For Roze likes to do all of the substance abuses.
To draw away from the feelings of the mundane.
There is so much I think that is out there that I have left to do.
You mean.
"Nevermore." Sumthin' Poe said.
He did.
Never sky.
Never body.
Never chalice.
Never walk.
Never scape.
Claustrophobic.
Looking glass.
Hardships.
Been there.
Ah' the ol' Repetator.
The Double Thinking.
The remaining Are You Sure?
The Severe Bland Man.
Forget it Think Again.
is that 'rite.
Thats what I said, Roze.
"To be sure." Sumthin' Kant said.
He was.
I see.
Is it in my subconscious or is it my psychological makeup.
Do these mediums of media feed it to make it worse.
Roze thinks so.
For Roze believes these where originally planted in my mind.
To give me help.
To come to form.
I thank you. Roze thanks you.
I know thas' rite.
In the begotten whore's womb naturally passed down
Through progression.
As the Female gave birth to different evolved humans.
Down the line.
O' Great Spirit help me once more.
For you have guided me all my life.
Give me my freedom.
Let us see where my humanity stands from there.
Stand alone.
Prop.
Digress.
Pent up. All I got.
Thas' better.
Nevermore.
Roze."

When we have systems at work. How does the human respond to it. Like so, in a variety of ways. Furthermore brining what the system is meant to do and bringinng
forth what the human being needs to perform. See this relience and how both forms, working, need to work in complete unison. Otherwise you would have faults in
the correct, desired, outcomes and purposes. The entity in place would be deemed unnecessary. Moving on we have this relationship performing at a good degree 
and in a good manner completing its duties. From task to taks, collectively building what is deemed necessary for us. I see a great un-measurable wall of white,
grey and black. To bring what is needed into this reality which we all share. I have all of the correct educational foundations necessary to complete this 
solution. So it is brought forth to us. Solving the quadratic angles, metaphysical natural elements and colloquial life. As a dramatist, a poet and a 
mathematical philosopher. That is I, Roze.

I have very fond memories of this series. This channel, @wttw. A safe place for children of all nationalities. What you bring to the table with your crest is 
your own and Roze sure loves his. Which is polish, finnish, irish and scottish. These represent one of my first childhood memories. I always identified with 
Oscare the Grouch. Life became more whimsical, more of a dream, more of a desired fantasy. There is adventure in all of us and that is how face-downs are 
treated. Jim Henson is one of the greatest puppeteers of all time. His work will last forever. What a beautiful website. You see how the mouse moves and the
pretty 5-pointed yellow star follows the mouse. That is because the mouse.pointer() position is mapped on the canvas(). An object is given the exact dimensions
as to where the mouse.pointer() currently is and has moved. X() && Y(). The the star.jpg is given the method to repeat what the mouse.pointer(), the cursor just
performed. Mimic'ing it.
https://www.sesamestreet.org/
