When it comes to representing and even selling this what has become one of the most divine brand names of diamonds 
and yes gold to all that can at their leisure take it in and purchase so they can look good for their loved ones 
and feel esco-tacular and very planetary showcasing as we hover and zoom over the horizons that we like to call da 
Hood's cutter. Is he back there in his lab, using his scientific tools making these kustoms? I find that so interesting 
and the various machines that pour these fine materials, elements and compounds into the molds. I can't wait to by sum 
for me and the missus. Rite now I would go wit the 6 Teeth High Polish Diamond Cut @JohnnyDangandCo Grill.
https://johnnydangandco.com/


"I don't know how'd it go?
Do you like @Caradelevingne?

Have you ever heard, read Goethe?
Does that go with Faust?

I heard he rhymed poetry with mathematics.
I heard he did quite well.

Have you read Leibniz?
I don't know exactly but I have taken.

Pre-Calc.
Calc 1.
Calc II.
Calc 3.
Differential Equations.

So technically.
I am pretty pleased with myself.

However, TAH, barely scratched the surface.
In my own study.

But I know the essentials, the building blocks.
The groundwork.
The correct foundation.
To build my learning off of.

Wow.
How exciting.
I know.
Roze."



When it comes to deary may, when it comes to understanding our celestial bodies. What about our human bodies says 
its another organism experiencing Nature itself as a Man. What about our formulative patterns as we come into an 
exgenesis. Resulting in the grand or less, formulation that is Life. What else of this Life. Does it come from? 
@NASA an ATV Kuroisity to find "Items", what. To find soil and rock samples like we originally did with the Moon. 
What good are those original samples for? And what did those samples that we took from the Moon, do any good for us? 
Does it take the test, judge the hempishpheres that is contexting this planet of ours, in our Solar sytem and in 
relation to our very own that is in direct phsyical relation to our human bodies that reaches this metaphysical quality. 
To us, what is the representation of these crator formations and why does it only have these mishapen, kraetors, 
Phobos && Deimos. Does it need these moons or why don't we send a missle and blow them up would Mars be mad?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars


