Does anybody think they can scale these rather easily, and if we were to what is it exactly accomplish? What purpose would it be to serve. 
The only purpose that I can think of that it can. Is to see a new area from a different dimension, from a different angle and at a different height. 
The same reason people go up and down their stairs in their homes and often the sleeping quarters are located upstairs so you must put one foot in 
front of the other and, once again, scale the stairs to turn in for the night in your humble abode. Where you have your private matters and hold 
the ones close to you inside. There an another beautiful example of Mother Gaia. @YellowstoneNPS.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plateau

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geology

"Does this look like a Ferris Wheel? Does it not. Do's it go with us today, Shirts. Couldn't of been more plaster. But you jus' described 
how to be a construction guy. There you are with all yo' Tools. Like its a sport.

But waht is this? Another mouth to breath. Another tongue to taste. Another life to live? 'Rite before u, you say? I say.

To been more is to divine, live. Dining in? Yes, 2. I see. Where is the rest. Of you? This is all that there is.

I see. I double see. Well. My biological eyes of my organism see. First. Then my brain does and no! It ain't dead. But tha' looks like a good movie. 
There I just made a suggestion. Tulip eyes and cherry skates. Skins."

Why do you think that they love 'em? So much so. I think its because it serves a couple singular purposes. And it embodies are 
simplicity and what we give to them and they do like kisses as long as they eat something that gives them good breathe that is. 
And have you ever seen one of those stunt shows? One of those judging contests. Now this is about gender. But it is true that 
each gender treats them very differently or almost the same. Once you get one that she wants, the upkeep is rather noticeable. 
It must be taken to a vet in a regular manner, it must go outside, be fed really well. Given us hapiness. The off to the local @PetSmart 
before it closes.
https://www.petsmart.com/
