When I am thinking, perhaps because this is significant. The ether, the other and once again, time and time again. 
I am thinking perhaps the quantity that I desire and its always like this. Let Nietzsche tell you, that this is where, 
"we chew on big thoughts, until they are small thoughts." And this is where you will find your idols amongts your hardships, 
than even your romanticisms. All wrapped up into one. There it was, I, and then you. Came into me and onto me and now you 
are upon me. What for? Is it because we share the same exact world, perhaps. More like my ideas counteract yours and the only 
reason that is, because yours are murderous. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prometheus

"Ah'...the margins. Increased by pixels. Wunderbar, @instagram. Because he has good ideas and he's poorer than a seagull. 
What is better for all? But enough of those formalities. Those. 

Is it his last question. Does this mean these R his last words? But isn't it. Am I speakin' in questions but not answers?

Why would that be. Ever so. Hardships. Never take more than you can.

It may be. Had a lot of fun last nite' thanks. Could of been a better time.

Then Oh' My Word. What happened? When things become a staging of events.

I meant to say the other word. Can you not think of it, cannot? There its all better now. What. My boo boo.

Now if you don't make more sense, Roze. I'm gunna. Bring what? Guns terrify me. They spook me. Because they can do the ultimate thrill.

Roze is sayin' to be on the other side of one. Has he? I have never had to stare at a barrel. I believe in oppression.

I would of lost my mind. Its so easy. Made from common chemical compounds. Everyday. There is it. All Done." @chipublib.

What this series does right? Can't we all tell. That you must never stop always keep running, and boy. Does it feel ever so right that 
nothing ever so shall come into its path, the main characters that we all know and have come to love in our lives and btw @JimCarrey 
just recently starred in one of its sequels. So I am going to make sure to go ahead and catch that along with all of those rings that, 
o geez, fell out of my body 'cuz of some robotic, and I can never touch to return them all. From system to system, these iterations 
are so choice. From the beloved company, known as @SEGA.
https://www.sonicthehedgehog.com/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonic_the_Hedgehog
