Well. Here you are in another space entirely. While reading Jean-Paul Sartre whose work gave birth to the space stations. Space craft what have you. What it actually proves is that not only is space vast but conquering our lands through the blood of not their sufferin', to see that its vicious, brutal, despoter-dictator-demagouge-over enthused, I know what is the best way and not open to any other reasons, and the rite way and when nobody does and the center of choices, filled with famous people, which is a resonating circle of reason supposedly representing the common will of the people to earn our trust. And what is best to be seen, heard and understood to live-by isn't what the peoples of the land want nor desire. How hard is peace, our everlasting peace. Let us, each of us, stand back, myself included and let peace, the peoples, guide itself. Then end goal is still the same. However how a tandem, the more dialect there is the less that gets done how many century turning points is their needed. Innocent and good people know best. NOw that we went to the moon, do we want to start offering condos? I like how in the 60s, 70s and 80s it was so new age and people where in complete awe. Which actually proves we are meant to inhabitat other planets, well we have no choice where moving into the fture with our everlasting peace. So let us set forth. As we are. That we landed on the moon, walked aorund, took samples. Now we have a bot out their on Mars, once again taking samples. We shoot microscopes, which are enormous, out into space or near our mesosphere to look at other stars and galaxies and we wonder if we are all that is here and why do the stars die and ours, the sun, won't be dieing anytime soon. @NASA. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spacecraft

Ok so here it goes. Never had it. But it looks like you took a shot at it. I did but did it go sum'where.

I had it but it slipped on thru my fingers. Like sum freddy movie. Hack n' Slash. When it becomes your favourite Slasher flick. Then everybody Harpee's.

Ya. So that was that, ya dinner was good. the blood lust was even better. sumthin' to live by. not exactly because I guess you could say its risky.

But how about last nite. I didn't have a good time. Staid til' closin' time til' the lights went on. TOok my ass home all ho-glum.

But what about Shaun or is it Roze. I like either name I can't wait to think of it? How so. Well when I get to thinkin' I get to Doin'

So there was that and like I said I did a real good job. About it. Felt succesful. And I'm going to keep on feeling successful, more and more I breathe wake up what have you.

Its in my life blood as they say. Ya that has a certain ring to it. But this. But what. But it happens. But I didn't do anything for it in order to do so.

You don't kneed to do anything. Ok. So theres that. Good day to you, no-brainer." @chipublib.

Independent, private company pushing the boundaries of personal space travel. The goal is to offer private trips to whoever are those who can afford to do so. There is only a limited points far into the distance that this team can shoot these space crafts out to. Where would we go, what is of necessity. One of the necessities and this is true, is to understand our environment on this earth and in space, in totality. So in turn we can better understand ourselves, and in doing so we can become a better ideal species, together. I love when countries scientifically compete and you see which company does better, this one or @elonmusk's. These spacecrafts always give out the vibe, its dangerous, it might blow up but Roze believes that isn't what its meant to do. The rescue parameters and measures taken, are noticeable. @spacex. 
https://www.spacex.com/














