What do I find? Where is it all? O I C. Like the drink. FOr it all comes from her, bounty. Her giveth, you would say Roze would 
most certainly so. Her yet it take. From its from where all. The numbers, the followings, the digits, the yellow vellum legislation, 
the perplexing persuasive calls. Here it is the damage she has taken, well, now whodoneit, less us point the fingers, once more. I ask that again,
what was once here before, animals dinosaurs trilobites? I see that there is a pattern here to the animal, the human, the bug evolutions but do 
I see another idealogical trajectory to what is this? O' my gosh. Look at it all inits grand beauty, Mother Gaia, Oh'
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Climate_change

"Well whatta ya gunna do when it falls at your feet. When the sums all done and gott. When I had it all once again use that term. Today I had to retain.

That the camera angle is at eye-sight. Silly me. Slim chance. Why dontcha. When I was makin' one of these's, a Piece.

I had it there ya go. Ok'ga it now u name it. Ok heads or tails. Maybe perhaps stump's-kins.

Now that doesn't go with anything. Now would it but I said the best price. Was the 1 time number, There's it is again. O jeez.

You did it. I did. I had it all o' no not that saiyin'g A'gain. Jeez' u wit it or u ain't walkin' the talk.

Well let me think about it. What is there to think about. Maybe I dunna gotts to do sumthin'. An'all." @chipublib.

What a fantastic character. What a biopic, of sorts. Now don't even get me started, let me have this, O' my God the marvel techtonic of the, 
Q and its majesty of its nerd-dom, dare I say it for one and all. And this series basically covers what is really going on in real-life and 
its a blockbuster success, need I say more? Tell me more about it, dare I say it again. Call me it. My name. You see it there, for it means that, 
yes dare I say once more, everybody good and innocent, immobile, harmlessly defenseless has got there buck covered and its a specialty. 
Ah' the ecstasy from that. Here's its @007 Wiki:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Bond













