Compared to what. Compared to this in what certain extroverted inherited way do you presum. Quite simply what is up in the skies is friendly flies. 
The biggest of all reaasons is that it represents the transitioning, the history and the complete annihilation of any and all traitors. Now you
must remember that traitors must do good in order to get their evils they want, done. This always takes me aback, in good reason and the most masterful 
of all is well known to all that hold their loved ones close and nearby to them and there wouldn't be a problem if it didn't come on bringin' the fires 
of hell and our untimely Deaths'. The master of this art means that once you become apart of the planes in this history, for if you master this 
discipline you also master other disciplines in the process and their is a significant payoff. @usairforce.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Air_Force

"Well let me say this plainly, those who come on, we never see it comin', innocent is all.

Never brought harm to noone. Well thats good, but does it matter at this time. In this sense, tense and practice.

Didn't think so. I know so. No so. Never really been bad.

All I had was the lust. The life. The drive and the success. Doesn't matter if I cannot see it, feel it, caress it.

Why would you do that to a stuffed animal. You turbo toy. I playstation. I sega sumtimes but mostly xbox and switch it up.

Ya' know. I'm a real rebel. I like to take the colour out from under the mundanes. I'm a self-driver.

Your a good sport an' all. But ya see. I got the pig, the kronie judge and the policrook. All in one.

Thats why the hand drawn, which is yours. Comes out all short and if you defend yourself. You see that works in my favor. After all."


I love hearing his name. I love to watch him play because I know he loves his game, so. I cannot believe the Patriots scored the greatest football 
player of all time, with a six round draft pick. 199th overall. The momentum. The ever lasting glory. The patience. The technical ability to name 
a few. The chosen representation of the U.S. Armed forces as a whole and he won a super bowl with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for them and in their memory. 
He just broke the single season completion record. Nobody thought he could take the Buccaneers to the super bowl and win one, like he did. His averages 
have you seen them, decrease or deplete, that is because they have staid exlemplary. The emotional and physical assaulst are in response to your despicable
perversion of what a homosexual is to its own nature, and your fighting your feelings. This has always been the proof and this is known to you. @TomBrady.








