There's sumthin' real fun about, idk k. When you get down to it in this rap game you have to be lightweight and you gotta be one of the 
greatest icons in the history of icons but this isn't the Julius Ceaser times, this is modern day and post-apotolyptic war and post-war 
driven by weapons of mass destruction. The mass destruction that we see, day in day out, which means everyday as Americans is the reciprocal 
effect of what and how we tryin' to lead our lives, to the best of our ability to live through each of our own desires. To have the best life 
so shall lived, to have the onces close to you on the same spiritual journey and everything would, then, be in its right place. Til' next time, 
I can't wait, I have to tell you, for the next short story. ITs going to be epic. Let's go to one of @JODYHiGHROLLER's greatest career moves 
and his latest: https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_kx3VuTIshEVyZ7C_l_22TSyJNhqbxgNrM

"Tou-tal-lou. Where is there. Where was I. At the good part.

But really what I have been reading. Noone has really come to any good climaxes. Where are they all? What have you done with them.

Noone, I mean nobody is satisfied. With this, us or any of this. To be sumthin' new. To be sumthin' rather old and used and expected.

Would be to be able to properly determine, the measurement, of what luster a piece can do for me. WHat would be mine and all.

Today, to further march on down. Because my mind always feels like its the racing. And I cannot control it nor keep it in check. I might lose it, sum have already gone mad only operating.

Rather plainly and open. With kindness and plateaus. Like I have said, a precipice. There it is all again. 

Could of been another big mess. That is what sum peoples opinion is but that isn't mine. How'so. Well because I believe and have an affirmation in my like glands."@chipublib.

So there was the meant, good point Ayn Rand. Where its Hegel, all day. We all have good ideas and that is the wealth of America and futhermore it means 
to bring your intellectual wealth to you and make it all yours in a variety of ways. But that would be in a world where, individuals, like you and me 
have the correct amount of intellectual property protection and that would then mean, I would stand to benefit for my contribution to our society, our 
world and the better good, well-being, of us all to progress into this wilderness, we call Mother Gaia. In a sense to better the world, "burns slow like
kerosene." @Apple.












