Before I had talked about aviation. You might find yourself a lucky number and, in the meantime, the 'durely task which is ever so drear. 
I might find. That there is alot of controls but once you learn those controls, controlling a plane becomes quite simple so simple in fact your 
life depends on'it. There is a parachute and if the drastic call is ever'so made then it looks like you need to land the plane, in a safe area 
away from others, so it won't be a 911 attack. The main reason. To avoid death. The other reason is to give dire respect to those who lost their 
lives in the 9/11 attacks. The other main body is to think about those jet engines those wings and how they trangress the air between the aerosphere 
and the ground and it has to be at a safe height so its because of err'bodie. @Booeing.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airplane

"Well could it be. Well darn it. What could it be. Then its all there is.

However much longer can I buy these thihngs. How much longer can I show the poor people, what rich looks like and what clearly is better off. 
Do they come to any phsyical harm?

Then all hell breaks loose. And I mean its hats off. Its the end of the day. There I was.

Never more to put my feet upon granit again. But how could that be. Just how. When you put in the fight.

There I was. Stare-less. Stars gone, But why do we see stars?

When I get up fast from sitting. Or get my bell rung. Or just find it hard to breathe sumtimes. Interesting medical concern.

I mean to speak about human sporadic patterns. I mean to speak about human health. That is your very own. But how does it represent 
in comparison to others.

And what else. Could it be there more is I and there is more to I.
There could be more to my life that I see. That is all I can see for now."@chipublib.

So I'm strolling, on second thought. What is it that I need rite' this second. Oh' maybe something handheld, maybe a crush, maybe a juck and jew 
or less take the time and show off shoppin' round the all the cold drinks and what a variety and then I usualy basket the chips of any selection 
I could possibly have, its good to get a cold coffee place, and then I hit the candy aisle. But as for miscellaneous? Hop ant have 
any at all, hit it. @Walgreens.
https://www.walgreens.com/

















