I have been in the stands. No witness, yet. I have been at a Game, I said. And I just wanted to say that the live audience, seeing a professional basketball game being played, 
is a different dynamic. Then/when you at home, something to do. Perhaps a life letter /vz. Or he knows. Then the audience that fills'on'up these stadiums that pay, 
yes every single cent, towards the multi-million dollar contracts. But that isn't just who is getting paid, their is alot of other working pieces. Some illegal, 
determined in a pig sense or in a 'dangerous and kneeds to protect the outside public from possible damage' blue sense. Their is a difference. As the saying goes, 
what doesn't hurt you then it becomes no harm no foul. And this is how this has all-started. If a person doesn't know, doesn't come to harm, then simply 
what-is-the-harm-in-it. And we find that this is quite common. I love taking in the video games, made by the @NBA2k house, and I take in Chuck and the others 
and always get to spend time with our beloved annoucers. Still a problem. Who is the face? Who should we shape this league after, who is the choice? I ask you 
this, who has poured their heart and soul into this game? Looking at the @NBA now, its a big machine an engine serving for different parts of our demographic 
meaning human population and I just don't know, sometimes, but other times its good just to have fun playing your heart out, whims, and absolutely playing to 
the @Nike max. Where then and only then, the game becomes more than fun, but a love. To watch.
https://www.nba.com/

"Next time. There won't be a next time. Then you as the victim, have to see and think about your attacker. Are you God serious.
Then it was blanch and massed. It was discoloured. Like it was a mess. Already.
Complete the passes and downs. How more hard, do you want it to be. That is the question at this hour.
And in this moment. What did you find. Did it lack luster.
Was it good before.
Is it all said and done.
Been there done that.
Would you be surprised, at that, sure but, what was we talkin' about in the first place did we?
I see now, then it was, there it goes. There what goes, Roze? Does it matter.
Then back on to it, there it was on the shapened wall, the contrite conclustion for escaping the problems at hand, there you wouldn't find it any other way, to 
be known is the best feeling anymore I could have it, I would want it, then want it once more.
All I do is want, want to feel, want to feed, want to once again, luster, want to take shape and form anew, once more, want."@chipublib.

Then the vocation. '?'t:vo:; But what I have been meaning to say. I actually registered for this class at @SIUC but did the one'thing you'ain'tsuppost'a do and 
that is not'even showup to c'?lassvz.'eo. Pl:;", the pleasant support system of going to class, everyday that is scheduled and then having the remaining time 
for myself, to essentially memorize. Is substitute? Is planmeal? The no matter but could be more. The responses. The causes. The make. Then once again the form, 
could it be? You get the idea, but you don't. And Roze didn't not until I realized that this sub-discipline of biology could be deemed utterly useful for a new Day. 
And the remaming days of the Past. Now that is a clever way to say the past and the present, but could it be current what is now current will soon be Past, 
and the repetition drawing from that. In such a manner? Where it gets and old and your continuing on...Yes/'?>ou' Now its Megan Fox. /v>
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Physiology

















