He had just come off his recent thing that he did, with dat' @juicyj. Very good. Now back to it. There was always a chance at perfection. 
Lookin' at that Wall. There was a time, when I had it so it was like this. Is'it still thugger or speed, or'is'it clock and go. I like that one better. 
Now let us remember its always good to keep it fresh. You wanna keep things fresh, and that is always the question between a bitch or a main bitch. 
I am looking for an edge. To attract women that is why I take in, fashion, music and movies. To name a few. So there's that. There's alot of that. 
Looks like we like the same type of ganja as well. Among other things but the meaning of the fact that I am trying to say is, that this is one of 
my favourite producers, in the producer game. Comic book name, most seriously @DCComics and there you have his name and his latest 
offerings, @lexluger
https://music.youtube.com/channel/UCXUecsEJm6YgQIUzvRpvhpQ

"Here it comes, the name today, what it be, tho, all I got was this.

Whats that shaun, all mine, then I was, all. 

Oh' know Muhammad Ali, never been had a chance, never even had a chance to start, it got started off right.

Then it went all wrong, sumthin' went haywire, off the chain as they say, un-hinged.

Then I had to grab my manhood and run for my life, but that wasn't my fault and neither is this, you brought this on yourself, now you know better.

I do. I do. Once more, that I do, I never had a chance to begin with, so there's none of that reason, to once again, begin with.

Because you hunted, perfect example of prey, the human-kind, there I was a guessin' game.

Know more and no more today, look down or don't even look at me, but sometimes, u need to look at them or else, if you do, it means knifepoint, 
a vicious beatin' to your certain death.

I know this but I didn't bring a gun, I didn't bring no blunt object, I don't have a knife how u know this? I know all that is, call it connection. 

O u do? I like my corn syrup, salt and sugar. Forced fed. Had nothing to save my name.

Less repeat and learn the same lesson again, I have never physically harmed anyone, ya' dig, thas' all, I know myself better now, I have no weapon."

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unimodality#Unimodal_function

The remaining remanents. When, where I see interesting ideas. The taylor made. Further. Go. Meaning but not the mean. No the, mode. I see. Well take it 
literal. Or go out and see for yourself. Perfectly fine but their would be a similarity, kinda' like a plug, ya' you know it then. The comfort. The time 
of the day and then back again. When it comes to mathematics Roze is trying to understand how all of these pieces, constants, are fitting together in 
a mathematical mode, a fresh start, would be the best way to start off again and again. So you can begin again anew but in the same sense, further once 
again meaning it would carry on the same way. Finding the mode. The same mode, once again. My comfort zone, some call it. One of the features of your 
mathematics entitled, 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mode_(statistics)








