Had a lot to ask for. Then it all came to me. Like it was before. The firm grip. The name that was'it last'time the same as it was before. But what I 
was trying to get to is what it was meant to say before. O' there it goes, the @NBA where we have a mirco-cosm taking place and what that means'is. 
What is taking place, on the court, is an example and what stands for the rest of our society. Day-in, Day-out. Like some scramble-we-already'all done, 
there it was the rest. Because you have to have a tempo. You have to get the buckets. Then it was once again, the rest.
https://www.ruffles.com/products/ruffles-flamin-hot-cheddar-sour-cream

"Clastrophobic, but once more did I, dance. I think that I, did. Ah'
there it is that point of no return, the stasis.

Which means I don't know what to, Say. But I know in my heart I will go down a lonely man. But I did what I needed to do. I spread my spirit.

Its out their to all thy thieves and in our lives. That thief, much more than the physical and are actually-quite-attune. Once again, greed was chosen 
over well-being.

I'm not sayin' they had a chance to kill me. Whose they u ask? Anyone not us. Sadly. When it comes down to it.

I die, I will die, puny and begging and groveling for me life. But what does that make I, and what lesson has been learnt. That there isn't much there to 
ask-For it.

All that is life now has been presented before my very eyes, I am alone now, like I said. And its dark and I feel helpless. And necessarily domineered.

How can anybody go out like this, they must of had sumthin' comin', to there weak and helpless souls like mine, whats the difference between them and me

Well once I run away. They don't seem to come after me but sometimes, sometimes, they in fact do.

So my best bet is to run in a very busy intersection, hoping that would stop them. From comin' on. But I am ready to die as I sit here today.

Just like yesterday and tomorrow. My life don't really mean nothing to nobody. And I get like this. And I think like that.

It means nothing, the one who stands, after they murder my ass. Its a cheap thrill to them. But once again this decadent sadistic pleasure is derived.

I don't have much savin' me. I just haven't physically harmed anyone in my life. So the assailant doesn't have a reason. It needs to have one, I guess.

Then I would sit there, lie there in a puddle of my own blood. Watch and feel the life being ripped away from me. Drained out of my own body and I would 
come to a conclusion. Wouldn't I.

So I flee, hope for the best, don't have any weapon to protect myself. Just my guts thats been 'enuff for now.

Sometimes, it, don't need a reason so always be thicc-hearted. The gun don't choose. The shooter does. Not by my hand. It Does." @chipublib.

When it was kiss. The same meant. Then it looks ever so delicious. That it would be the same, as'waiting to harvest. Beautiful make and model, of a 
superfood it is called. I do believe and we have yet to harvest harvest once again, the meaning materials to the late'yet. However how common and 
that is how often it is found, to be derelict. There I was dare. But sumthin'bout'it says this is apart of our sustainable, green energy horizons, 
presumptions and prosperity-propositions. Then it would be all game. It has such a good chew to'it, doesn't it? I said so then I said it once more, 
can't wait until I have it in my belly again and then I remind myself, plant reminded, that I am this living organism, before you. @bp_plc,
@Apple, @Naspers, @TencentGlobal and @RUFFLES
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seaweed


