Aaron Stainthorpe

In the terms of the scene. Aaron Stainthrope is a God. And in this metal scene you can achieve this. First your band must earn it, put out a sound a 
natural way of listening to your headphone. In such a way that it would become pertinent. And like others has ascended. Becuase this is what the metal 
scene in fact'actually breeds. You have seen others. Meanwhile, "Songs of Darkness, Words of Light," is aging quite well and I truly had myself a time 
with, "Feel the Misery." As this band continues to give light to melodic. And the reason I make these points is because I have stuck to their early 
material and their latest. This band, what they have done for metal and what they have done for me. Is quotient. Meaning this band has paved the way 
for so many and are seen as pioneers. @nuclearblast.

"When I could. When was the Last. However many times. Less Take another look at this.

What could it become, once more. Than fine with it. No, nothing never had any problem, never had any woman.

All have been, whores? Well mostly. But sum where in fact okay to me. Good to me.

Clearly sexually deprived. Emotionally closed out again and again. Socially unacceptable? To whom, may I ask.

When it comes down to it. There is no questions. There is the predator in your environment. And he owns your life and in this circumstance.

What if, you could attack sumone, and in their Regurgitation, there self-defense.
They would kill yo' ass. They would be protecting themselves, against your retaliation.

So nothing is in the right. Nothing is wrong. This is Life and Death. And nothing comes in between that or us.

Nothing, nothing and more nothing. Down to the heart of the matter. But I am, matter, You are heart.

I must have your blood. Your flesh must be mine. I am all that their is. Hark, Murder Pig, judicial, political give me thy clearance.

For what I must do. And, yes your time has kome. It is I. Your demise."

When it comes. To this. Why is it that we all think of, grass? Is it that simple and if you read about, grass, you would find that it isn't exactly 
been that simple and the Native Americans worshipped that as well. I like the calm between the toes as much as anybody. Moving on. What we have here 
is another economy waiting, like I have said, waiting to be birthed just like the industrial revolution. This will set a page and then turn it from, 
once again, moving on to and once more, moving on. Where you will find, discovery, insight and beneficial practices not only to us, but our one and 
only. Ain't she sweet. Our Mother Gaia. And we can then start making returns, that we ever'so desperately kneed to make rather than reaping her 
rewards that she sows. Once again and once more, the new beginnings awaits. Self-sustaining productivity to one and all, self-made do-it-yourself's 
as far as the eye can see and a relationship with our, once again Mother Gaia, yet to be seen.













