I hadit in My hands. But I didn't know it. I thought it would'like to last, with its Luster. It is a piece of technology afterall. And come to think'of'it. 
Does it stupendous. Does it mystify. With all'of'its inner-workings. That it does. And as it just continues to go its own way. But the more thinking I do'about'it. 
The more I realize, as they say, "what you see is what you get." And I couldn't be more happier. I think that this system along with the other two and some other 
participating companies. Like were this is going. As it always has, tried its very best to tie-in not only the real world but our operating human minds to what'best. 
Is. And that is video games. And boy, does it have one of the best libraries and back-catalogs available. And several, I repeat several house-hold names that. 
When a consumer all'but'purchases it and this. They glamor forit. The only system-wide release. For it is now worth it. To purchase. And look at the technological 
capabilities of all of the new and old accessories, still available. Now that we are in its next generation. To be known. @PlayStation
https://www.playstation.com/en-us/

"Had it all, sometimes at a crawl, do be good tidings. Then it was, once again no more.

As I only want to hedge, the sheath, the comparison, the volunteer.

the waste of time, I had it the best, I say I got it the worst, there it was more time.

and more, and then some, and then stopped being worried about it, call it a conundrum.

then it put it there the place, and I did put it there, then I placed it once more, and it wasn't like the last time it was.

I felt it come on, to me, and everything everywhere around me, here it goes the haul, the grasp the beneficial practice, selfless and voided, and it was the time to 
reflect and study, and it could be more time.

and then it wasn't more time, after a long time, and a long time after that, and this is alot of ands

Can you use something else, well, I could start like this and that and you wouldn't find me using that word anymore there is always more to life after I realize 
what life is then it comes down to another conundrum.

Couldn't you have it for a while, did you say you borrowed it, was it there before like I said it was. Then its all gone.

Now go back, but I don't wanna, I said so, so that means all follow my orders. How so.

I couldn't be in a better position people say it isn't happening or is it I can't be understanding what is happening to me all of the outcomes are tilted 
against me so when it falls into place it has this patter to it."@chipublib.

When, what does it mean. To be in another place. And then you have, and must factor that in, to what it means as a people. People. Meaning your a collection 
sharing the same experience thru creed, ethnicity and nationality. The very make of you. Henceforth and furthermore. lwz: is this reminder that not everything 
is given to Us(): and once again henceforth allofit can in fact be taken away. Because you like on ();as it is percieved shaky ground:wz now and forever. 
Well, forever in the eyes, in the common perception of who says and then what effectively goez: in this Day and Age()lq;z And before you can seeit as Necessity()l;qz(); 
Now before, is different than what happened in the Past that used to be our collective Futures();z. You see. What is now happening presently, will matter in the Days 
to Come:||()z Further pitting us against eachother. When we are trust trying to conserve our resources, which is us singularly, and we must fend'for'ourselves. 
In this must. You have the action. And sometimes but not all it bends on creating more ties, that bolster but actually fraction. Up all of it. All done. 
And moving on, once more as like Roze has'said "Peoples."
@Apple @NEIU.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diaspora






























