Well look at what we have here, the grammatical errors which means the symetrical tasking of those individuals that know it best. 
But what do we know best, exactly and understandably which is the extent of our human knowledge. Now it is always about cleaning the plate, 
slate, beginning as the means to end where we have another human understanding. With these steps we have a time frame. And to a patient that 
is very little. Hello, How are you doing today, Doctor Roze. I presume you have looked into every avenue that is medically available to you and 
what did you turn up? Is it long lasting, is this your last chance a dire choice has been made in medical terms for you, my dear. You have 
reached the end of your metamorphose. A one, you didn't find too kindly to your liking. A metamorphasis that has put you on a timeline to your 
untimely death and look at your health slowly drip away. Would you like to lay in your own bed when it comes time, when it draws near and you 
only have your loved ones by your deathbed? Would that perhaps be more suitable. Now let us guide you on down this path, because there is no saving you. 
Say goodbye to your family members, your lover, do you have any kids? What a tragedy. Faithfully, which is a metaphysical worship of religous paremeters. 
The shamans actually have cures. I repeat old, ancient, distant shamans have cures of nature with them, for they harped on something that is true. 

The biggest scientific contribution that I can think of would be to discover all throughout our medical history and it is one of the longest 
histories in terms of science, out of necessity. Because we do not want to sit around, people are dying and most sad of all, the children as well. 
Hospital bills are always climing always on the up and is a form of thieving. Money bins from room to room. Is it because I am an organism experience 
the grand organsim that is human nature, mother gaia. How long in our history have we been victim to these diseases, tumors and cancers? I would 
say that they are relatively new and any and all medical problems the diagnosis would always have to mean the patient falls victim to what is in 
the outside world. Where we have yet to percieve, and chosen over our collective well-beings, the scientic effects of all the scientific causes 
that we can in fact name. That we are operating on a daily basis through only routine. Yet we must because it feeds our mouth, clothes our bodies 
and keeps us from being homeless. 

"Now what I, do I have.
What is this.
The cure. Oh' let me see.
My mother will be happy.
My father will no longer cry.
I get to live with my family.
O' hurray.

For I did not want to die 
such a grisly death
and all
my muck and puss and my feces and my blood and my sex
and my eye gunk my eye slime my eye for who is this have it.
The eyes are blinder than a two timed tree with its limbs cut down.
Now that won't make much sense.
It was suppossed to be a famous saying.

Affliction.
Oedipus complex.
A flexing rustle nomenclature. There had to end it with 'ture.
Close enough.
Now where was I?"

So let us remind ourselves as medical professionals, look around you, in this room where beloved lives are saved to live again anew. 
Are we dealing and working with swine? I ask you this. Look at these utensils of cold steel and iron. We developed these when we were 
orginally working on farm animals and cadavers. These type of utensils have no place here. You are working with a biological organism 
with soft tissue, blood and muscle. With these barbaric tools. What could possibly come from this. We must intrigue ourselves into trying 
any and all outcomes, with any use of utensils, with any form of help from the medicines assisting us on the side of operations and we need 
to think better how to conquer sickness with a variety of cures on display. Then the rehabilitory aspect needs to be completely ramped out 
and built out just like our human bodies. Because everything about our human body is running like a well-oiled machine and its taxing our 
energy that we can harness as human beings. So it can be this conflux of smmyetrical medical-chemical-photobiological-metaphsyical-mathematical-
philosophical harmony that we can then work towards a better world with a patient and doctor in it. 

When I get like this.
Netherwords.
And I feel so ethereal.
Must mean I am in touch with what counts.

There ain't much between you and I.
Other than your opinion.
And your harsh exalt. monsieur.
Which means my opinion doesn't matter.

No matter how hard you try to keep your well-being safe.
There is nothing.
Between you and I.
There never was.

When everything you do is suddenly,
wrong. 
All wrong and normal human interaction.
In front of this thundercat.
This buffon.
This crazed lunatic is ever so to a point.

Where your own human mortality.
Is often at a question and at the stake.
In stake is more like it.
Never did I trust you.

I have been cornered.
I am trapped, boxed in.
I serve as a perfect example of human prey
And nothing is going to save me or believe me is to what has happened.

There you go. 
All I know is that we all want our due process.
Our rightful justification and why must we fight for this.
Because I like to feel the burn of the rubber off thy tire.
Is it because I sponsor the end to all human prohibitions.

Thats exactly so.

What it means is complete, utter human freedom.
And met. As it is eye to eye.
This brutal, harsh, hard power of law.
For it will give us shelter.

So I am told."

So Roze asks what is constant, what isn't. That means those laws do not follow the laws of nature. The laws of nature say that we all die of 
natural causes, on of course if it isn't leading up into something, then we begin a new path of a preventable, untimely death. A death caused 
by other forces and these forces cannot be over and done with? These same forces do not have any solutions. Then the solution is isn't in the 
same medical world it would be taking place elsewhere and that would mean let us approach from another perspective and recieve are medical 
diagnosis and from this diagnosis let us open our observations into a scientific totality.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disease
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benign_tumor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cancer






