I studied here for two years of my life. I had to retake two of my classes. What I would of changed for the better. I would of studied straight through 
and wouldn't of had my mind and objectives in another place. Just like my A.S. for my B.S. I recieved a 2.02. A bee line. Right down the middle. 
I chose not to put in the extra amount of work that it would take to get a B, even an A. I thought 'C's where and was sufficient and I thought to 
myself this is how I continue on. If you desire your masters in computer science. Then the student has to have a 3.0 GPA and above. With this type of 
degree this is all that you would need. If I where to go back. I would take some 400 level class that offers a very popular project so I can attract a 
company with that.
https://www.neiu.edu/

"Had a good time, where was it the last time.
Here is it all up on the whimsy. 
Then you sad it lull last time so wouldn't ya have'it.
There would be a sum'more to you know, that I like to.

Whenever. I get to poppin' preppin' suppin' which is a 
way to say supper. Then it was the good times that it 
was the last of times, when you said once again sad.

There I was all down in the midst, and the clatter, and 
which is the batter. All done wrest-read-luster-for all.

Then it was the same staid. There once more going to lemme'
find'it. Could of had a better time ya'geez Mistah' Oh' Se'"@chipublib.

When you got the last time that you thought about it the last time that you had it in your hand and all in the midst, once again. In your hands. 
Then I thought about the @NBA and we gotta' remember that company if we want to adhere to the moves and then the designs of any discipline that 
you will find in a aesthetic science applying the very properties of biology, chemistry and finally physics is there anyone other than those are 
your fundamentals and all of the sciences fitting'in and around how nicely. Of that to be so and then once again, let us pick up from here and 
continue on some'mo and we will leave it there. For today was a good day we found out the remaning remnants of what science that is needed to 
describe what is going on in this minute level or a grandiose level you might add. To see. Just to live it and experience than safely data secure 
it and move on in a harmony we all come to stare and then realize its performed its operation leaving the outcome in its wake. Where everything 
then comes to form, a one that is usual and finally the definition of the piece. @NEIU. @HW_College. @Apple. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthetic_biology
