Well first of all I have made the assumption, leading to the hyposthesis that this proceeding presence of a human thought in my mind will adhere 
to the factual absolute truth held in my own mind and others. Laws for instance. Law and its Justification. The U.S. court system. It is meant 
to protect individuals as well as prosecute. That needs to be remembered here. That the court system no matter which country you will find'it. 
Protects the rapist better than it does the snake. I am a snake because I believe in ultimate human freedom in totality because I give into my urges, 
instincts and pleasures without any criminal harm. I am the rapist with the Shape of the Female in the bedroom and this has become universal with 
all men to teach, to have the woman completely succumb to the man's advances. The best sex drive and complete control of her desires which are mine. 
Leaving sexuality out of the legal process. There is a reason to the heirarchy of the @uscourt system and we have it decide legalities over the rite' 
to a scientifically proven, not a fully formed organism-- a child, its an eggsac and cartilage and that is all, until we can scientifically determine 
inside a woman's womb if it is in fact a U.S. citizen and also if American people can marry the ones they love for the rest of their lives. 
While other mortal desperations are being seen on display across the nation. I would have to deem the entire judicial system crooked, filthy, 
dirty and corruptional leaning towards a victimization we see, sensationalized. The most poignant efforts get demoaned, beleagured and removed 
of their purposes that would only lead to the protection of each of our individual American freedoms. I would also have to make a 
pyschological-clinical assumption of how a judge decides, lives with its decision, how it can be bought- bribed and how a judge brings what it 
believes into the court case, which is a criminal event happening in real time. Not at one time should of a judge have any color to its body.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_judiciary_of_the_United_States

"The remaning time,
the looking glass,

once again, there I was, there I was quaint. There I was the circle.

Then it wouldn't make sure much now sense, to'it.

Then last time where it would go where would it be.

There'o go'o low should done have'it. There then it was made.

How many times do I have to read throughout history that the courts
made a dire grotesque mark upon an innocent and made an example of them."

You would be wise, to see me now. Their. I was. On the night everyone holds so close to their hearts and minds, in their Dreams. I become real and 
also a fantasy. For I control both of your horror in both. I am the made man. The last longing embrace of your reality that you suck on down into 
your pie-holes. Whenever I get like this it always reminds me of the time that I had you in my sights. With butter knives the children call it. 
Weaping. Hunting. What is the difference. I am invincible, do I scare you in this way. I thought so and then I had to remind myself. 
Time to wake up.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street_(franchise)

