When it comes back down to. And then more some. Mural. Here. There so be it, like I said. And it always comes back to, "who is your favourite graffitti artist? and why?" 
You could name a couple, maybe a couple more. But what always happens. Is this christening takes place. Finally the egotisitical response and once again...more'so. 
We all know who the Daddy is. And he'has'been'doin'it since the 80s now and that is several decades ago. He likes to show off his beautiful daughter off as well, she 
just became a woman it looks like. Where she has to grow and conquer for her own good. She represents a well respected family in this city. We all call home. So its 
good to rebound with him, make puff puff passes and it looks like he recently needed alot of medical science. Breeze on up. Peace. And I am afraid, it was peace all 
around and not only all day but the ONLY way to this, borne from this and... once again, into this. Once more.
https://www.instagram.com/graffitinerd/

"So I had a lot of time to look at it.
There it was before another piece that I am a'proud of.
And I dance.
I sing.

Shit. I might as well be pissing and that is a common font around now?...
Hmm. which one? Might I pick or what is that I want to'say.
Isit all around. And now the fun is all gone.

To be more.

To be more weight, to the subject and thats whats not it all??
Hear I say. Once more.

Had a lot of jacket.

And succotash. And been more. Once all good.

And that is all, folks.

To be continued, I said and its once more now its the good time.

And the good times, to be had, there that is again.
That saying phrase.
And whats more look like it.
Now.

All that I said..."
@chipublib.

So again, the remainder. Kind of like, this for example. But isit a'hairdress sweetie and I'm asking you isit as easy as pie and then not only the so, again, oh' only 
the so and the watch maker me right arch. That was the what that I was exactly pertaining to. And when I see these trees, this very collection of these exact types 
of trees I get more than just a fair feeling of a nicety to the relationship between tree and man but, like I said, a more eternal feeling that I, lemme' describe 
this 'feel' of, well, God. And my place in the world and I feel taken away on this trip to an enchanted forest and we can not only share the experience of mother 
gaia, human nature biologically, better, but at least at once what I have come to say is that I love you tree. Thank you for your beautiful description of Mother 
Gaia and her, all she has, to offer. In such a way. That I celebrate this once more. And I feel fairy, a little. A little lost for words in this experience and 
I like to take you in to remind me of how delicate, fine and worldly my life, my own human life is in comparison, disposition and calm reflection. Now so, and more so 
as always.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_moss























