I usually started out with these. Sturdy. Durable. And the paint to the pencil, itself for it scarve's scarf/I' said it hits the white leaf paper, just right. 
Like its doing itta favor. And the remaining time that I have, well I just enjoy in&out like pizza, how well it has made returns to the paper, like I said, itself. 
And the remainder is supposing, summation, of what else'I'can'do withit. This magic lapiz. This borderline margin tenor? More like sing song. The harmony of the 
symbols and the magic, yes that magic, of completing a well wrote'tten sentence, now. 
https://weareticonderoga.com/

"When I had it straight, like, when it does, but what it do.
Cuz, I had it right, nevermind my reason. The reason is only yours, and who is this 3rd party...
oh' ya its the law and justification. And I don't wanna' talk to'no murda pig. No nah and double no triple no. I said its all the slaw?
That issa would be, a double burner. Now here it is the game. What a championship.
Mike sees another one, my God. In the midst. Lebron is playin'. Well.
When its off the chain, and there ain't no heat comin', to you I am all that is gonna lose. No mat. What? but its no what.
Sum of that please share. These I thanks. Ya, we like to keep Uptown as Wicker Park. No matta the metrosexualization. A joint. A bunt. Ya know the breeze. 
Roze, you mean a hood?" @chipublib.

https://www.instagram.com/weareticonderoga/
@Apple. @WhiteHouse. @NEIU.

Let me at him. When I was in the woods, @NASA. One time I saw it from high up in the sky. And as soon, once again, as soon as we develop together and then 
intellectually profit after theiving a person, who cannot assume the position like the intellectual property theif. Well. That was another discussion the 
thing of the matter is. These planets of ours y'used to be worshipped. And all that nice. And what comes when your in touch with spirits you must correctly, 
operate with them as you and them(it) are two moving entities, bodies of knowledge, that now have the power of the God(s) withit together as always, as One. 
And once again, in Totality. Let us remind ourselves why we are here and why does it have so many moons, 4 main ones and 79 and counting other...(satellites) 
which in science means it is only but a physical body of compounds given its classification because it represents a differential composition to the exact map 
of all that is around and here to do, with one of our favourite planets of all time. That we are now and have been in touch with:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jupiter























