Had a major cleanup. And I said that I just tried to commit suicide, are you going to turn against me and you can hate on me and think I am ugly with your 
sorority sisters. But what really hapenned was. All of the hot sorority sisters was spoken'for and there wasn't one fer gov. No hard feelin's. But you see 
getting turned down by girls for other reasons was new to me, I was so since young to it. But she didn't turn on me. She helped me in'the most and indirect, 
least amount of personal connection, school friendship kind of way that she can, could'of to think of. You see. 100 non-aspirin bottle and I tried with a 
kitchen knife, once summer, all drunk't like I said. But it was too messy too painful. You see once more. No I didn't wanna' get a length of rope. And she 
came over once, and I had her'favourite drinks and everybody knee I was failing out by simply not going to class, those TAH's, and I was using the money 
supported by my accessory to murder slaveholder face down artist begotten parents and they instantly knew what was happening. And I remember my whore of a 
begotten mother almost yelling, at me "that you need Help! of the Pyschiatric kind. That is all. Never saw her again. But I kept to up to date on her ass and 
I knew she was looking for someone successful and full-hearted. You had have something going for yourself, and she knew I was smart and needed to focus on myself. 
Like I said at Southern Illinios University. Some did me-in. Others held me up placed me on my emotional crutch. And I turned my life around. Never took it fer 
granted once more. I had myself a good time 3 years and once I got into Aspen Court and lookin' for a slam a love type sex relationship romantically. I started 
workin' that October of '08 and now I have wound up and worked up until here, so here I am. She has always been dating someone and has a boyfriend. I don't know 
how else we would of met up and started dating, unless Eternity comes into play...
@JackkDaniels.

Try to recreat the place, space. That you, I see before you and try to not do it right in front of anyone where everyone can see and have your murder pig(s) clean up the grotesque mess.

Well I don't know where or, How, it got to there, but that is always what I am constantly thinkin' about. The way it was, is, as, theres.

When it was come time, I see as others this one. Before your very eyes. Then I was the man to see the man-field. Like Elysian. Hmm, I don't know but what I do know is this.

I have escaped with my life. 
I don't think it was either of our choices.
Justification for the time and place it wasn't axed.

Haha. I know laughter is kind of seen as a less these days. If I hold it in, I can make my day go by easier and this as well. My life insurance. Well. Its for 
myself to keep on livin'

When this is petty, f-ed in the head, in a good way, logic. There it was anything or everything that you would say. Walk in front of sumone, or as much as 
look at someone. There ain't no controllin' it. You speak to a murder pig, the murder pig says would you like to press charges and the murder pig says 
its an emotional disturbance, not much there. It isn't going to go away. Jus' a coupla silent death threats and acknowledgements.

By any times means necessary. I say. Roze says. Still. I have never physically harmed anyone. I have never stole any money. Roze ain't init either, 
just daily use of all readily avail.

We see your real acting emotion, behind the mask. Which is your safety because it kan't possibly out-rite live as such as a despicable disgrace which again, 
is a good thing for the murderers and rapists so it kan create more of that necessary, "fear-dum nest."
@Chicago Public Library.

So when it meant liquid it was. The meant. That look at how well the chemical compound that is instrumental to our very existence. Is balanced. And when you see 
a chemistry equation representing minerals, alkali metals and such as. Remember this, that it is simply representing a balance, of a certain association leading 
to a chemical determination of what is it, this function yes now we are turning into the mathematics of it. But what you see is how we are making elements, in 
real-time and what it takes. To. The lead depends about what isin' the same once'again, time and place. And repeat yourself. And know yourself, and your 
remembering as a scientist now rather than a historian coming up shortly, that this is a repeating effort and we as, chemists, will see this again and again. 
To scientifically method. Ourselves. The fascinating element: 15.

Now the bread crumbs have become more of a sinister story angle. And point. Point you must and what the fuck do you think I am thinking about, after all. 
I'm going to tell you girls, now all of you, girls and women. We only want one thing, we look for one thing and we wanna' do it all the way. God damnit. There, 
that is more like it. Yes, leave them all strewn and what'wouldn't you'of'had'it. Some kind of fairy tale circle, crown. Off and into the distance some kind of 
grandparents house, where you got lost? And whats going on inside more, danger. And violence. A horror story because if you get lost and don't know where you are. 
Then the house becomes someone else and its time to hide the bodies. Originally originated in the early 1200s. Until now that is. And oft'repeated once more and 
will again. What happened to her. What happened to the couple. O'Cheese.





















