I grab a bowl and I expect sugar. Stary stir dust. O'what have you. But enough of the regard. And sum'mo. I know this so well. I was just like it yesterday. I had everything situated. I was going to take a shower soon, it was cleard. Off. And now here we are. Spoon to take. I said moisture, of the milk kind, to the muster of the lift-Ah' yes the crunch, the toast is their, the boost--lemme'see. Ah' the clearance. The swirl. The booster. Ofitall. Ah' sum'more once again. I knew that I hadit. That is all. I want some of them to drench in my milk, days old perhaps, whose'lookin' the reminder that this goes so well with my bowl of milk. And do they talk back to'me. I don't know I just want another bowl or just one is just fine. I get,to get the Taste, once more. I thank you.

"Congratulations
Once again, and once more.
Than.
Blaze.
All I see.

Is the remainder.
When it was the subtraction in the first place.
Now I feel like a god damn skyscraper.
Don't you love that when that happens.

When you feel small
In a big city.
For I love this place.
But that doesn't really matter.

To nobody and noone.
Cuz' when it gets cold its dark.
The more darkness it can bring.
The better the animal in a vs.
A'Sweet'VS.

Well on this side its only run in fright might, once again, feather foot and grovel because that is the natural instinct with, as I have previously said with the apex predator in your environment.

What it clearly does.
Is this.
Gets the go-ahead.
And the coast is clear.
And any form of, as I have said, lawful regurgitation and any form of self-defense upon your attacker would be all that it nees, who well the murder pig, the joodge and the kritical krook county kronie' political play and the desperater.

For I allude.
You see me figuratively urinating to cover up the mess.
Why is that the response.
Well don't look here
nor there...

You best.
You what. 
Who you is.
We attack for nothin', we the "murder and rape gang" and we good with honkies that openly take away from you and thieve, intelletually and we have this relationship with the murder pigs, call it a second nature.

Everybody blessed.
Err'bodie gettin' money.
Everybody knows who you are.
If you choose to weight."
@Chicago Public Library.

So I took one. To it. Why? Does this have something to do with the mouth, our very mouths. Forit. Looks as tho' it comes out of the lips and off the tip of the tongue. After it is closed. That interests Roze. What'else interest Roze? I say alot of things. But since this is a short @Wikipedia article and one of the most well-known, widely-used meaning availabe. It means matters to most, ofus. There. It would be kind. To do. All the time. I have a memory for you. I remember stirring and looking around, knowing everything was in the right place and during the right time I knew that everything was effectively okay and going to be not'only alrite. But a stew. Yes indeed. A miraculous, marvelous stew'honey'due'time. Times all around. And usually this is used not'only to stir deep pots but serve, as well. And not'only that but this, thing, has a stark history. To'it once more. Roze.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ladle_(spoon)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kitchen_utensil
https://www.cinnamontoastcrunch.com/












