When I think of this place. I think that actually, everything is in place. I give it the ol'heave'ho of my senses. All of mine, in fact. That everything is under the law, 
every man and women in fact double check. And everything once again, is running accordingly. Operating just as well. And when something bad happens, its a boo-boo. 
Nothing more than we shouldn't of gone that far, here. And that it was simply a mistake that involves various other lives of each and all different ethnicities that fit 
under these categories: and that the public should move-on. But what else do we take with us. The charge. The lead. The bowsprit. Once again. We all remember when these 
things happen in hindsight, and in the future and the omens of the past. That come to shape us, today and all remembering the remarks. Here and there. That this is one 
powerful organization that oversee's all and is as high on the heirarchy of the secret service and above the FBI and your local police department, sheriff's office and 
U.S. Marshalls and every and all branch of law enforcement that this is meant to encompass and then represent. For the greater good, some would say. In fact I have and 
proceeded to embody it. But what is this. What happened here. You know, you get the drill. This and that. This help. From dire circumstances. This assassination. 
This rescue mission. This Julian Assange and that Edward Snowden and this Chelsea Manning. Albiet.
https://www.cia.gov/

"Congratulations.
Afghanistan.
Syria.
Yemen.
Uganda.
Libya(Didn't Muammar Gaddafi have a completely unknown, unwritten, special secret police as printed task force and what happened to him what did the people 
of Libya do in response).
Iraq.
Indian Ocean.
Somalia and Northeastern Kenya.
and Pakistan and that covers our on-going involvement in the 21st century wars where that only means that weapons capable of mass destruction are in place and in use. 
Remember when chemical weapons went off the table. Ah' those where the days and let us, again, remember the un-written price of loss of innocent and those who served 
paid for it and now the enemy, the one common enemy as it is now eye to eye can no longer use them. Why? Chlorine, the worst one, is what belongs in pools with 
children.

Now that got dark but I live in the dark.
For I am the weak, honest and good light.
The bowsprit.
For I am only objective and I want to complete the objectives but what if they're aren't any.
That would be the last part and the next part, once again and once more.
There is a more of a coward to you everyday.
The one only place that it was needed to say that it was, there was no because a reason. It was.
It was cold.
Murderin' I said the Murderin' gets done in the cold.
It adds to the sadistic pleasure heights of sadistic ecstasy.
The more I like it, the more I say I got it.
When its all down and under.
But we are not speaking to the plaintiff.
What if they took the court system and the law enforcement system and put it,
used it for their advances, likes, pontiffs'
on the outside.

Wouldn't that be a clever devil.
The most of the outcome is the most of accentuation then it becomes more of a cleverer idea.
And it comes.
And its unwarrented.
And it does its work, leaving only in its place.
The mess. The grotesque mess and we can come to our lawful conclusions of what just happened. Does that help us at all, this?

Wouldn't that be a could a better match."
@Chicago Public Library.

When I get in the midst of his Life. When I get to better know the man, the dark of the man that he was and the given Light, that he tended to showcase. 
In order to build better human relationships and hence the diplomacy that Libya, desperately needed, because when a civil war happens like that! Its cleaning 
up a human disaster. As it where and hitherto on to the next case. And what is this: only familial ties alot like what is happening over at Syria as well. 
And this man who was our Egyptian military leader and President, Gamal Abdel Nasser. Whose death, came un-expectantly and un-natural at only two years and 
fifty years of age. Who he battled. And he battled other cries. Out. What is this. More of his business and more of that, than this happens. Now you can 
watch the interaction with Putin, with a more clear eye, with a better perception and with a better view. Just what was exactly exchanged. I have come to 
find out that Vladimir, was giving, this man once again the Libyan leader. How you say, the walk with the rope--the SLACK and what to expect and how far 
he or she would and could likely go: to take this. Once and for All!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muammar_Gaddafi












