So I took one look at it. I like when the steam, rises, from the carry out bag. I mean the delivery, pocket oven, the heater keeper. Steam closer. So sometimes. 
I made it within' the 30 min. even. 15. I was known. But some where outside the borderlines. And we should of all, us drivers, had a private map to just map it on out. 
To carry with us. It is impossible to see the address in the moonlight, dogs. Girls, love a good pizza. And sometimes I had it on out. Some got it out. But when I put 
it on back as I always do. Sometimes. It was close to an whole hour wait. What is it. I know. I kept catching people, customers, at the best of times. Not going to lie. 
I kept smoking all the way, thru. Those 2 years commuting to get my Associates in Science. Passed me'by. You have to be careful about the ingredients in the bottom of 
the plastic tray. You have to clean out the water, and start a new sink. And the pizza cutter gets its use. Other than that. Really cleanly. People, our customers were 
all satisfied. No, I likeit well done'thank you. Meats casually. Some green maype onion, I absolutely loved to guilt trip myself thru the garlic bosco sticks. Thanks. 
@PapaJohns.
https://www.papajohns.com/

"Well lets get a glass together. I have never had to stare at a gun. Thank God. But I would be tripping over myself or I would freeze up.

That is what it is like when you get jumped. And you see humans acting in this way. Its very jarring, despotting and demuring. The perfect place is often for it, 
in the meantime.

There is plenty of times that these adjacent toolsmiths. Would find the perfect place to hide right between you and law and justification. 
Just so.

Where you would have to throw your hands up in complete utter disbelief and that wouldn't even be good enough. Because all your joints and motor functions 
are not working to your benefit.

Not in this remark. These remarks. Once an area is desolate and there is many people by and there isn't any call sign or even a notation that would stand as a warning.

Its all up in the air, once again. And gotta grab for relief. But most of the time and all the time. Its run for your life and take the stabbing or hit. I have avoided 
being stabbed, 3 times now. I wouldn't like to get stabbed, no that isn't for me especially on this homeless, nobody cares about you, medical care package and a plan 
that I only signed up for. But even if I went to the doctors office, like I did my shoulder, it wouldn't matter better for me because they would just sew it up when 
any form of injury like this needs minor corrective human surgery.

Then its out of the air and there your attacker is. He either wants a vicious beating to a pulp. He'll give you a couple stabs. Or another vicious blunt-object demonstration.

Or a chase-down but it doesn't chase you down or it already has, I am not sure what comes first. But I know the attacker doesn't really see anything other than 
any charges I could possibly bring for him and leave that night."@chipublib.

So I said cataclysmic event. There'so. There wouldn't be any need for it. But wait. There was. And then its already done. The mess is what is meant to be described. 
To what. The exact. Quantity. And, the make. Of it. There it goes. All down the line. Almost like a chemical-biological-physical reaction. Perhaps, metaphysical? 
Perhaps once more'so. There that would be it. I said. When it comes to the times. And the history has to follow suit. And I'm like God, did I have a good time. 
Good pizza. Better ingredients. @Apple @NEIU
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extinction_event











