When I was. Well I don't want to take it that far. Just the wound and constant. Well once again. I don't want to be married to the subject, matter nor'at'hand. But. I was just going to say that this place is mighty fine. But it ain't dandy. As they say. It should be on the brigter'cide. It was going on and on. But mostly. Its the restaraunt and bar business, the tourist business, the landscaping and venture landloard housing market. Then the really mighty fine, like I said. The designated hoop markets and balls. To gone. Find to. And like I said once more, this might be the place. I call mighty fine. To take. Out. And once more. @chicago
https://www.chicago.gov/city/en.html

"I could, perhaps. When the hats are down and not facing up. There I was. There I mean you was. Once more, once again as I have previously said.

This skill level. To be hidden and walk and prey, upon the helpless, physically and intellectually defenseless, peoples, is the craving that I would recieve.

If I was, say, a complete psychopath. A profitable lunatic. And one of the most powerful kriminal masterminds there ever was and I mean to say the more evil, the more macabre and the more necessary brutal it is leading to multiple grotesqueries to not only build your name in, the most evil with evil and performing evils at hand.

Would be all the systems of government are trying to wrangle, grasp, and corral their mitts, hands and their digits with. And it has become rather elusive in 2022, and once again, it alludess all the services we have protecting us the helpless human population in a life or death desperation. Where it has become rather morose. 

Then we look here. Well, it isn't there, so let us give ourselves human tasks that would be percieved to be insurmountable at the time it needs to be handled. In the heat of the moment, in the height and spasms of action, the attacker, your attacker yours and mine. Is completely at ease, at dispose and has successfully planned it out, and I mean all of it.

The murderer and rapist does not walk this Earth. Unbeknownst. Look at Roze whistlin' dixie, once again. He can't help himself. It baffles Roze we must sleep beside and share our bread and future prosperity with thy murderer and rapist with at its backside the safety and human assurance it can continue to live on, and what it must do.

Well, unleash all of its vicious might at us. Walk in our fears and our collective terrors of it. And there you will find its partners, affiliations and its like minded spirits that it pertains to, collects with and does most of all of its duties and partakes in its businesses. As I am to believe in order to be a successful murderer and rapist one must have a correct outlook. 

It does not move around, un-habituated, it does not have a set of rules nor human laws to give it any sense of guidance, it can and it will.

It can exist." @chipublib.


I absolutely loved the video games based off of this. I was there celebrating with the city, when those @chicagoblackhawks one 3 champs. Three stanley cup championships. And it was declared a dynasty. And it sure was. I got my hockey stick and cold steel as ice stare. Thanks to all the players. And all of the fans who can be there and celebrate this @chicago team. It was a sight to behold. It was a good memory of mine. I was graduating with my associates and soon to transfer over to @NEIU. Which now has become my alma mater. I love the dressings, the speed of hockey play, and the dynasties, like I have said. Many good players have come through here. Sorry you couldn't finish out your last'years as a Hawk, Toews. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Hockey_League









