Roze always love thes introduction to one of these films, the one with the lion and you know that issa high-priced, well directed well acted epic that is a feature film and good which is a blessing for all ages and types which means different types of peoples. We living amongst and we express this virtue of that common expression we all hold inside of us and yes, the feelings and emotions that we can show and share to each of us in a film such as this as good as this and as beneficial to our minds to go some place else, as that is one our existential calls to assume a different thought pattern, to be something else and to live in a different world in totality. As one. the Robocop Franchise is housed here.

Roze always loves these introductions to one of these films, the one with the lion and you know that issa high-priced, well directed well acted epic that is a feature film and good which is a blessing for all ages and types which means different types of peoples. We living amongst and we express this virtue of that common expression we all hold inside of us and yes, the feelings and emotions that we can show and share to each of us in a film such as this as good as this and as beneficial to our minds to go some place else, as that is one of our existential calls to assume a different thought patter, to be something else and to live in a completely different world in totality. As one. The Robocop franchise is house here.
@mgmstudios.

"Roze's 200th example of abstract art.
@instagram if you could increase your margins by 10 pixels.
Enough with the formalities.

For this calls for a...
a varying type of degree.
There it is.
The sea orca quarters.
Why does it smell like orca butt.

I always get this grand, regal
feeling
from entering one of these shows.
It doesn't look humane at all
But that doesn't matter it does jumps
for sardines.

How you hire the trainers you ask?
Why 
if you band under the banner of
Human Kruelty towards all and everything.
Then you got the job.

As even the orcas can be sexually chastized.
It seems.
Furthermore.

Lets give it up to the handlers.
My what a hard job they have.
They sure love animals.
The real hard workers truly love the mammals.

To see under the waves. 
Their enclosed habitat.
To go downstairs 
a couple steps down
and see these magnificent creatures
behind the thick bulletproof glass.

What wonders.
To be hold.
Maybe they have baby.

Sometimes.
I might add.
At your local zoo. 

If they have enough money.
Because sometimes zoo's only have several attractions.
They can possibly afford.
That is all.

Willy."

What was she as I speak about her posthoumously, how daring, how contrite and once again do we remember her and what for, exactly? Our Queen to this day. For 70 years, my God, how awful, how bloody awful all of it was, her rein. She touched many in different and complete ways to our hearts and minds. I mean in a good way, as we trestle, dress and appear before us, is it a dance? My God I will say it again, they where in love. Phillip. The best kind of love and the worst kind of love. She was dirty, unremorseful and disdainful but yet very pretty and very becoming, Our Queen, she might as well, for all of us. For this is what Roze is getting at, she is more, was more more in fact than just a figurehead an "Anchoress in Furs." @TheRoyalFamily consists of many duties, obligations and many duties beyond that. For this is our world and our Queen in it, how lovely it was. Its like moving a piece of history around in due times, our time and what a time it was. Now soon behind her, bloody hell, Prince Charles, her son assumes, sits and take the Throne.
@Wikipedia.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_II