When you approach as disatrophy and a harmoney futher meaning your as one with thyself and others around you. But you are one with only yourself and others have achieved a recognition to their own well-being as to just how they are identifying with their own personal happiness? And furthermore you achieve a good stupor, a foundation of personal thinking that betters your outside livelihood but also your personal livelihood? To be known is best to be something else is an existential cry that we all share further meaning what is to be understood is you. Quite simply my dear frankly meant to say it out loud or within, once again, myself.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindfulness

"what would it mean to, right it, in the meantime. Would this mean it is good. That we are in a sense all good. Would it mean you have come this far.

Like lightnin' Did you jus' describe the weather we shall have. I know we will, exactly. I should of taken it this far.

Who. I know. When you come to this place in your fruition. When you are well rested, relaxed, slept.

Could it be more down the road. There could of been a better way. But what does that exactly mean. I'm a good 'girl.'

I know you are. So let me tell you. For you already have. Do you mean to no longer, solidify.

I could of been more 'rite. In my own 'sacred' terms. But thats what I chose. Thats right. Roze."

This also can market @BarackObama and the @ObamaFoundation and what kind of political entity that he is, to us and the community at large.
https://www.obama.org/

https://pequodspizza.com/
I really like this movie theater right next to a @Wendys and a sushi place. It really has that characteristic of being lived in and even the sign is at an obtuse angle and its rundown, shabbi lookin' but well kept and they don't dust sum hard to reach, way up high high-up places but I want sumthin' else other than a slushi or a butterpop and heavy salt to go wit. A nacho. A pretzel with cheese, make that 3 cheeses omgosh I want a go-go maybe throw sum money on the table and theirs a bar right there. Right upstairs the escalator. Maybe go see Robbie. Might get a margasweet. Right next door, on the block you have the well known @PequodsPizza a great place, once again lived in showing that great city character, for a bar and a pie with good times and lows. Delicious. Less call it a night. Head out.
https://www.regmovies.com/

