Alfred Mosher Butts created it from an earlier game he invented, called Lexiko.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred_Mosher_Butts
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexiko

When it gets down to it. Have you ever finished a game? I have a couple but I can only say that I have finished several. Because like I have said it does take a long time to do and to follow along. So I keep following along and the dictionary is always nearby which is nice. Because often we do have word challenges and its never really any challenging words that are displayed mostly all potty words. I can't really think of any other fascinating words other than. Say. Quantitative. Porlean. Sarcophagus. What it means, idk-Which by the way doesn't count it has to be full, complete and well-meaining words. No swears. Then I must say the community, collective, good-feeling emaored effort to put and place this game together, get everyone situated and know how set the mood-lighting and make sure all the doors are shut then have been locked maybe a desert is baking, hell an Uncle might even order pizza for all. Thats just how it comes. And often human frustrations are shown on full display. What. They are but words.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrabble

"When I feel all clastrophobic and necessarily regal. I like to take the time to find out those who are close to me and ask the reason why. Does it look like you will recieve any money. 

Now that got dark. But there always comes a time when I think about what matter. And Roze has come to the understanding that that is few and far between. It is my own personal happiness and my success and my monetary stability. My love life, is what matters and then soon my family Or do you have a family. I do. I keep it close. Thas good.

For I trusted mine with all of my heart. As you can see. The pain came off. The, 'lie machine' slowed down to a petal and a hum. Whirring off into the silence. Never to be used as a mask again. So it isn't unconditional.

This isn't the first time I have been face down. As I sail on the ship of only the Begotten. But I have begotten them! The four whores and the white pea-brain monster. Now you are the ones who have failed, miserably. I will say it again, begotten.

Call it those who have a chance to live in this world. In complete darkness and removed. Those who have persevered and will continue to as I trek alone in this world. I am meant to meet my true loves. For I still believe it. You haven't taken anything away from me. Only the grave marks." @chipublib.

Now let us get to the heart of matters. Because whenever we see it, I think to myself what is it that I do not have and in the process I check my pockets, ok, say I got sum spending cash. My price range. My demographic. Straight to the candies. Look at the new video games, I heard were all the way up to 5, now. Wow. Then a bourgous parking lot to be had, park thy vehicle. But I don't have one, I only bike and walk thy city. There. Elevator. Cyber Monday. Which means they have various deals on items they have always have had. And get this. They have everything there you could possibly want and get this once more. The aisles are stern, they are strict which means no funny business. @Target.
https://www.target.com/














