What is it that I say? What is that I mean. What do I represent to you the public and what, I demand to you do you wish me to stand for, 
for you? Is it this reason, is it this knowing, has it finally come to a point between good and evil and in sumerising what is seen and 
done as right!? Simply so, and ever so desperately so. At her bedside as the cancer took Stanley Ann Dunham away from us. The man never 
had a father. I have personally read his latest two novels, "A Promised Land," and the "Audacity of Hope," was laying around my quarters 
recently so I took it in. What about me doesn't resemble anything that isn't other than this @BarackObama reason and does that label me 
as a Democrat. The powers of the office only strech so far. A democrat, in these days and in this history is seen as weak and without the 
core foundations of what makes Republican great. Notice how John Bohner still has all his power and is now on the board of a cigarrette 
company? I only bring this up because all he did was stand in the way of all our common purposes that we, us, the American People all share 
and @BarackObama did his legislation straight down the aisle and he was given a divided congress because of this very reason. Because us, 
and it has come down to whatever you may think about the American People, we wanted the best of both worlds from each political party. Hi, remember us, 
yes the vioceless peoples. Originally he was a very pronounced and well-known centrist. What else did @BarackObama do? What didn't he do? And is 
this a stretch, but if you know where the hawk will fly you change the sphere. And he's always searching, constantly looking for any answers 
to the problems that plague society, our very lives to come to the solution we all desire, without doubt, and that is everlasting peace and 
stability to all and each one of us across this world.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barack_Obama

I also would like to include a recommendation to all those who haven't heard @eminem before and he has been one of the top rap acts 
and for good reason. He represents the respone to all those who face direct pain from oppression. And I would have to agree with him 
on the path of representing all the evils in this world Roze can think of, in order to have other people become aware and better protect 
themselves and further dilute the subjects, criminals at hand. He is even advancing personal freedoms. When I think of gang rituals, 
I think of the stability and protection of all people. Nothing more than a greater force than this, rapper. With quite a unique and 
incredible rappying style which he is known for.
https://music.youtube.com/channel/UCedvOgsKFzcK3hA5taf3KoQ

"What is it. As err'thang has a natural roll to it. What is a cod piece. I heard the gays R in touch wit' it.

Ah' that powrful faction Roze? Dare I say it. Everytime I get in touch with my homo-eroticism. The bitches feel gr8t like their near the beach.

I absolutely love it. Never mind the 'say so. What happens is I leave it there. For a lip? Nah. But dare I say I wanna throw down and 
then when its mant to man. Then I would leave it there.

But sadly Roze hasn't been able to set 'up a fair fight with no (12)-pig murderers comin' to press charges or gettin' jumped with weapons 
by Others. There it is again, the cymbal.

Whatsa' matter. The matter is pressing. The issues are 'naught. The black women are beautiful dyin' for sum Ivory. To glitz, to glam 
their more forward as Roze has learned. Which is perfectly fine, to Me.

Here's another. I said I did it, I am it. I am all that is, that I care about. I am deftly alone, with my bitches and my loved ones. 
My offspring as the mother is sacred, Except my begotten Whore. Ya' know in da' Hood as any one of your favourite Rappers. Might say. 
To tell You. There is its all done, the 'splaination. But did I say it 'rong. Grillz me.

Nah its Roe wit' I think is Ever so, the Bland-Man, the Double-Thinker, The 'Did I Get it Rite.' And I am just too not good'enuff. 
And, 'Circles and whimsy and Repatator.' Ah' the Like.

Les't we come to Form once More. Now that is good for now. Once again I said for now until I say sumthin' else." Thanks Freud. 
That is all, ROze thinks." @chipublib.

Then I would like to make one more reccomendation to anyone who would care to take-in. Its metal music. 
This man has three monolithic bands. Celtic Frost, HellHammer(new is hard to find) and this one. I am always interested in his relationship 
with H.R. Giger who gave life to Jean Paul-Sartre's work. To the metal scene, Tom G. Warrior is a founding father. 
Sharing a recently recorded live album from @Roadburn.
https://music.youtube.com/channel/UCsnIIlxTvj8txzaik654GmA

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Department_of_Education
Then from this Roze will venture into United States Department of Education. @usedgov. To our 44th President of the United States, what do 
you think education means to him? Is it the only light that we have in this darkness of ours. Where is the murderer? Where is the rapist? 
Is it by the greatest forms of darkness that do not shed any light nor any hope for any ray of light to be shone. That is why I created 
this business entrepreneurial concept, to discover the truth and derive solutions from our problems that harbor us, plague us and even 
condemn us. Let Roze tell you who his U.S. education went. Clearly a safe place for child predators. Do you think tenure is the reason you 
keep your jobs, think again. The communities need to rise up with each of their boards of education and remove these horrible teachers 
nobody likes. Roze was left on his own, less opportunity, Roze had no abilities to get further into his school education. Bullying is accepted. 
The lunches are processed garbage. There is always something else going on with the student body and the professionals in private, which can 
be dangerous. Do the tests need to be filled with helpless jargon that you would only understand and learn if you studied that one fact and 
in the real job world you don't need to know it. I would of liked to have a better applicable sense that school, was Roze's job, and then the 
adult-world most of the time you spend your waking life and you live at work. @NEIU doesn't have anything for a computer science career, absolutely 
no leads and no internships and very little help in translating your degree into the business community. So that would conclude this business 
entrepreneurial concept. @ObamaFoundation.
https://www.obama.org/
