Another congratulations isin store. Yes I believe it maybe so. It reminds me of that song off one of his mixxtapes, 
which in turn made me abelieve aspect appreciate my Shakespeare better then the turn came of phrase and, its a banger, off of, More Life. 
The song termed, "Gyalchester"@Drake. And it looks like to though asis, this life that I have got. Is all that is resounding within me, 
as I have only read one of his books. "Critique of Pure Reason." Reason being this reminds me of a fair off land, far away. Hung. Spun. 
Dancing some might ay. But really hanging just so, my dear life, hold on for one more, one more time. By the likes of a fine string? @TaylorSwift 
mastered by her production, written by her hand which in turn makes this her song entitled, "Invisible String." Off one of her latest released albums, "Folklore." Both of these albums have a wide audience which is meant for a wide-appeal to everyone so we can share this moment together. 
A meditation perhaps. Together or solely alone what else best would that be, than right now. Once again together in this remark art there 
it would be more than as I have previously said more than fine. I like how he waited until his 50's to publish as with any great thinker, 
I find you must properly wrangle the demon at play with law and justification witch at one time, as its been said, with it at its dispose 
and the collaborations he wrote as well.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immanuel_Kant


"What could of this have been. Oh', once more that rushing feeling, all existential once more transcend. Ah' see.

Could of been better at that. But what was it before. Nothing there but the last thought. So I could of wrote it like I did just now. 

But what was the last time that I remembered it. When its all hands down. When its all legs up. When your laying down. 

But Roze u jus' speak'in circles. And I don't want to be bad only good. But heres the thought I finally get. When an artist shows how bad it gets. 

What really is happening, I give away and show all my faults. So it comes out this big mess. But what it does get done is show 
all my garbage emotions and feelings. Kind of. U see the difference.

Your rite' I could have more patience. But I only give so little amount of time. And Push and Push. So there it is." @chipublib.


Then I was there, don't know how I got there. They was sayin' I was doin a job. It ain't really chosen its the life you chose 
to lead and then live-by. Call it protection. But Bradley Thomas didn't have any protection it looks like, or did he? I always 
refrain like to enjoy a movie, a film of this chaotic violent ending which what did we learn but that it ends and begins with 
no purpose. And its brutal, grotesque and heinous. Gut wrenching. Then he repeated it once more and did what he needed to do. 
On a tight rope from start to finish. On the ropes as they say. Ah' but I believe we deserve as through our common tragedies, 
our losses and only ours, together, a better one. Koala. 
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5657856/


