Barack Obama and the Obama Foundation tying in your,--the Abstract Artwork

Wiki's
:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obama_Foundation;
:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barack_Obama;
/'President Barack Obama's the 44th POTUS, Wikipedia_H(o)'me_Page;President of the United States for the Forty Fourth Times;l(ce1)0:-s;?/'

Offic(ia)l Web's::ites:09*^>.s?/:-;"-_A'"?/':PIO((P))*8:-j;
1. https://www.obama.org/
2. https://www.obamalibrary.gov/#event-number-86

OBAMA FOUNDATION FUTURE
Its one of the best brands out there. Everybody wants to work with the former 44 POTUS. The Presidential Library which we will be
a branch of the illustrious library system we have in this city and start to bring foot traffic to the far southside out by Hyde Park.
It will have a complete library and have multiple study rooms and meeting places along with its fine art pieces outside near the entrance.
So its quite the tourist attraction in terms of architecture it has to be done in this way and the OBAMA Foundation future rests on it.

Money && BILLS
I think every American Family fits into the same category and that economical category is this, can they each family regardless of whata income bracket you
are can that American Family make ends meet. So we have all this in common and we go through every single day in order to secure that we can in fact
make these ends meet and such as.

TURN TALK
I thought he had enough political power to actually turn a presidential debate into what everyone else wants to see. We finally have 3 American leaders
that can simply embody the American will power to get to the solutions with these solutions the human race has in either written thesis or technological
capability. It needs to be an Academic lead debate where the academic systems like the electoral college often reasonable chose the course of the debate and
its no longer a debate but a solution hour of responses from our leaders who are in the only position of helping us live a better day tomorrow and continue our
well being into each of our solitary prosperity. Then you would have this Academic debate where things get done with this polictical discourse and this will
be remembered as once of what we had to express ourselves as a country until that time the American People will only suffer with the rest of the world because
we can't academically come to a variety of solutions with a discussion of what we have on the table.

ART && OBAMA<,COLOR, RACCE.>;
So we have many masterpieces that will accompany the Obama Presidency because it was that successful and so was the 45th POTUS, now sitting, is seen as well.
With 44 and 45 you have two fine American Examples of what a Presidency should be and is was you get that until our current POTUS who was his VP. So we can see
that in artpieces as well. To name recent history and he always had these cues when he was writing history itself its own and he was careful and measured because
we finally had a President that can embody the American People. So in this the Art was expressed. What comes with his body of work will always come more ways to 
express his continued penance with the human population and has art to speak of this for this and will this to the connection that we will share when come time 
to take a memory of ours and do something larger than life because we are now out for ourselves in this argument. So the reason I put the different types and letting,
this is computer science, OBAMA be the array and inside of the array or list or any other data storage you have these two categories, COLOUR && RACE; representing
each a different category and I can command a method to place data saved into any of those two categories of this for an example array labeled OBAMA. So you can write
he is a BLACK MAN and it would come out like so: OBAMA.COLOUR(BLACCK); then the other would be OBAMA.RACE(AFRICAN); then at that time you would have those two descriptions
inside of the OBAMA array from there you can use the data how you would like to program for the rest of the time you need this data.

44th POTUS'*POTUS
Everyone at the end of the day either chooses President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva or President Cyril Ramaphosa or President Emmanuel Macron or President Xi Jinping or The Royal
Salman Family of Saudi Arabia or President Barack Obama because he represents the world that well. He always finishes out at the very top and I think that it is more
difficult to name another one in his place. So for us to be at this point of time in this global day and age of the human race with its society and equally divided world
by country it is telling that you have this type of thought and feelings that stem from it because the world has to be put into this perspective and what is usually achieved
is rather uncommon beit' something to talk about or assure oneself with I don't see any other cause to this one good place of human thinking that we spend our energies on
and what transpires. Is more human feelings that are neither here nor there once again so what we have here is human thinking that isn't going to let us have our working
minds anymore and takes up places of our day that we could use productively and what we battle with is trying to be as productive as I possibly can be and that factors
down to the moments that this area is either strengthened by braun or career work.

OB && OB(JEC)TIVES
I never go into any form of political vote and realize what we are doing as a party and what the polictical outcome will be now with American Politics our leaders
have this confused. What the American People was going for when we vote straight down the line. Is the best of both words so you have both of the face to the coin
and dollar for that matter. Put that on the bill and start churning them out for us. That is why you have half and half. One party is designed to face its political
foe in a matter that would be victorious in the same mindset as the other political demonstration that you have on display. We, as the American People, know what
we want and in order to get to that we need our leaders to do these steps and complete them in order to achieve the process. It just doesn't go all by itself we
need to have several methods in place and then once that is done the pieces fall where they may and by political order the system, the peoples, have it all
work out itself and those are our individual objectives and the United States of America Objectives for that matter mattter matters.

WORKPlace && Digestion:Coins:Do It Yourself:-;
With any other topic when you try to balance the subjects with something else that you cannot talk about. It would be a greater show to the spectrum of
human thought. When it is to describe Obama's extent of work done in the WORKPLACE would it be about there. And just what are you describing but a better
relationship for the worker who cannot defend itself against all of the criminal professional employees that we have in the USA alone where if you have the money
anything can be done and bought and paid for as long as no law is broken. So with every form of concupiscence you have ways to market it and make a whole lot
of money from it. So the one human thought and many parts of thought are considered, infinite, would be more of a strange remark then its cold fact of the 
influences of Barack Obama in the workplace. Giving out workplace equality and that workplace an American Citizen will spend most of its life inside. That
life is spent working and the in between is what is deserved and for that you worked for.

FB'handles::'(T)c@ev:://?(@)?/"-'A   @BarackObama, @ObamaFoundation
'PPA
