When I had somethin' did you see'it and rather not letting go of'it. And when I had it. Did you know that it can be yours. For letting it out. 
Airing it out it is called I do believe. Now lets talk companies. Business. Some say @monopoly others say, "perhaps purchase." Letting go, of many 
things that weigh it down. But wouldn't you happen to know it that, many companies private and publicly owned, where their is a board and high ups. 
Are adding people, careers right before your eyes. Because in this day and age. We have to realize what a company cannot or can do. And with this 
intellectual property hero and insignia, which I have more work than I can possibly do, gulp, myself. Any @fortune500 company can hire 2 perhaps even 
3 of a person like me, to drive wealth and profits into its gullet. Thats all it is, how can we make more money and more money. How can we drive these 
profits through the roof it is called and then after that once again, once more how do we as a company, as a whole, as a team, make more money. You 
spend most of your living life at work and to most it is at play. Like a card game of sorts. That is leaves a person very high, off the gamut of it all. 
Because I believe that what we are seeing is, 'living achievement.' 

Roze entitled this piece, "Had a Bunch of Tadpoles."

Now speaking of had, and what I had. Whatcha' want. What you doing around here. The circumference, how is the factory made, this beautiful circle of 
chocolate and in the center, get this. Peanut butter. To match. To go with. The fantasy, albeit. The murder, the rape camps, the genocide...wait that 
isn't what we talk about. No I believe I only have one family member that fell, victim. A tragedy. There. He loved his job. It was a labor of love. And I 
get emotional. I need to open up a wrapper, an orange one. And this is unique it comes with the half white box. Some kind of cardboard because that is 
so it doesn't melt. They melt easy. Then the black wrapper is signature with its indentations. Leaving me with two. I could have 4. It goes great with 
any 2%, skim or even whole milk, it depends on what you thickness you want with your cups. @reeses































