All throughout history. It has been rather short because this level of human equipment in this state. According to our history this technological achievement by the 
human race is rather new because before it was horse and buggy and before that it was the sleds and the boats. Then before that happened it was only walking with 
grand knapsacks and backpacks and we had to carry everything on foot until we tamed the horses and turned them into packing mules and began to ride with them like I 
said with carriages. Now we are into this millenium. Where this is commonplace and the need for them is ever-so increasing. Before the age of automation, cars-SUVs-
rich cars-trucks and working maintnence type of automobiles and anyother legally driven auto you can possibly think-of. Run and created by the various car companies. 
What comes with'this is creation of a new world where are fixed-state of reality the one without these before and soon after has to adapt to the sudden change of a 
human technological ability. Where in that you can either find vast improvements or a large amount of pollution. And that is the next phase for the world and all of 
its automobiles. To start making returns to Mother Gaia, other than polluting her to a level of un-stability and then it will no longer be a warning but mandatory. 
So now this day and age and as we are currently in the 21st century we will see the various companies, governments and any other subsidary come-to-think-of-it and 
start working for the environment and not against it.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automotive_industry


"So drive on down. Down into the tell tale hole. The talley-ho. The one time that I remembered that this was once it was'it Again. The need for it no more. The ease of 
use. The passion. The passions lead us to here. Where did we'go'But'were'here, again, we'Are'Here. And here once again, so. So that would be the peculiar-part about-it 
the one that I like so much. And again so heaven-no-matter-no-more-against--it. The time and place so. So once again and once more. The need-for-it-so andnomore. That 
reminds me of the time and place once again, that I remember it once more. To the need, itwasit. That was once'more that in the last thing that I remember. So I don't 
remember and the new age and the new dawns. There it was before me. Like so. Like a present. To the new ages and the new'so'present of the time and place. Like I'was. 
Then the new day and age, like Gatey. And me. Me, Roze here we are now to solve all differences and take life as it gets. Me here no there and the need, for it like I 
said, no more and the heaven-more-so once again. That's all I needed, the time of place and the lead'of'it'like the days gone and the days present leading up to the time, 
that it'in fact was. That it was so Ever'so was. The need for Roze and Gatey and the need for Father Michael Pheleger. Like no other need that their ever'was. 
Or'so'it'was'contained-understood. lllwwz:>t."@chipublib.


https://elysianblaze.bandcamp.com/track/the-virtue-of-suffering
https://music.apple.com/ag/artist/elysian-blaze/296361120
https://www.metal-archives.com/bands/Elysian_Blaze/17646



I would see this musical expression as quite the accomplishment. With three complete offerings and some early demos. The need for this specific kind of music, for the 
designated scene that itisin. You are reminded of this everytime, that it'is very hard to comeby. This type of music. So whenever an offering like'this comes to me and 
I then listen'to'it on repeat for aslongas'I so'shall please. The music reminds me of my past work done. That I have, now only come to understand, my past works as an 
Author and as some of the greatest leaders this world has ever seen, the human race for that rather. Then it takes a while to fully understand the music at hand, you 
need multiple plays meaning multiple listens. And what you have in response, to your avid ears and visual imagination are exactly what speaks volumes of what this 
Artist will give to you a multi-instrulmentalist. And in the metal scene that is how projects come to take its full form without any other bandmates and its the audio 
engineers and producers that put this music to disc. In order to sell, not just how many copies it possibly can, but to reach the exact person that desperately needs 
this musical expression because it does not have any other outlet to put this, buy this, consume this or even take this'in. The remaining questions you might have or 
the answers you are recieving are the process of a human understands its own world, Mother Gaia, how best to operate as a business professional then be successful 
enough to have a family and complete what you want in your own life. Moving on through the centuries, until now. What we find modern, what we find new or antiquity 
of the human species and their comparisons. This band should curate and headline @Roadburn.
https://music.youtube.com/channel/UChS2GjNZdBnnUc9ceN9yx6A







