So there was a God. A Dorito God. And that was me. But enuff' Said. And all that was here, was said already. Do I always lean cheese, O'f the Nacho'kinde. Sure'Q'e?W'CTsQu'::W's'Q'rT'ulQ:o's'rTu'Qwrt'QrylQ:O'T/'u. So it bepends. Of what I want, do I like all of the new flavours. Usually its just the classic flavours. I don't like ranch on a chip. This is me personally and that is my choice to make. Nacho Cheese, Cool Ranch. Hmm. The Spicy Nacho is an interesting take. And this home website of the company, with parent company being: Frito Lay. Is available to see the interesting and guided media marketing schemes, as you can see the latest ::in motion and at a'Flex: To be quon. S'srt'e. Now available like I have said, once again. Then it gives u' the list of stores nearby and you have to specify your sip'code. Now, the white cheddar regular or spicy and even only and at this time only "Organic" is interesting because anything, once more, with "White Cheddar" is a win-win for me and my Dorito-eating-ass. So I like the production of the black-only justification and leading to cultural changes for the benefit of black womand and only black men. That is exciting, I mite' chip to'it. So thats their, the value and then you can think about-it like Roze. This gets the word out, the motive, the mission and the dispostion and exciting renewals to:and 'for leading to lead black business entrepreneurs no'mater the business profession. Meaning what, have another chip. Three sizes, the small bag, the What'Used'to be the "Big Grab" and sumtimes:sumtimes7*""Q/t':90:)):P I see a bag a 'little bigger'than'that. And then you have the normal sto'Bought big bag and then the sometimes'once'more'Seen' "Super Size." I like this new recipe so much'more than the old'recipe, thank you, I want the SUPER SUPER...SUPER'SUPER SIize."'Q:lemrt:QMMMP:"{}[,7]\||:xomm.>>:",<>.vo. to stuff down my'gullet8'er:w.


"Pyramid Head"


So what does this have to do with Movies. What has it to do with, the Mob. Which one. And Tupac Shakur. Shakur, I said. It is a novelty and the residency of the greatest Magician of our Times, cmon. Need I say more. And there is a real lion habitat. And they chose it because its next to the Airport, whose'They? And what is illegal activity, nowadays? What does that even mean, in the meantime? Once more. Robert Deniro. Joe Pesci. The drama attached to it, in the movies and in real-time and the Godfather. The Godfather of who and what family? What does that mean to the same watch, as the watch that was today and this is where Riff Raff, lives with Mrs. Butterscotch as I have said and will again, the Butterscotches of all'the Butterscotches. She'is. And she means alot to him. As I am assuming thats her. As the kids, his kids do look like the product of her. As I am listening to Tommy Wright and he is from Memphis, Tennessee, and she is from Vegas, but'Who. Mi madre as William S. Burroughs has putit, the old nino, of the Spanish Copper-kind. William lived in Chicago, where I am currently housed. And this is a picturesque kind of hotel, one of the biggest, and one-of-a-kind, house to many other things. Not only just legal gambling and booking, a house for whatever money can buy and what you can-do and all the safety and protection that usually comes along with:this. This is a great looking hotel and one of the many reasons people come to visit Las Vegas, in the first place. It is called the, MGM Grand and now is apart of a chain of hotels and casinos across America. And will be for a long period of time. Because once you become a household-name you begin to add profit to your name with being a historic piece of Architecture.