So I was there and I am living the same desired life that my soul wishes to expire. More than a play with words, mind you. 
My demure. I need it to be an even keel for it is more important then me sometimes but less be honest I am all that is worth. 
There MLK saying some dearly departing words, Bon Voyage. One of my true idols and helped summon this Daemon which I was in touch 
with before, ah there it is the other layer to nature that we are all, respectfully, some say luckilly and vigirously attune with. 
How exciting. This must be and laid the groundwork as Shakespear along with, Computer Science, that it must pass through. Like a method. 
Same thing. Heavy crime no explaniation. Modern day don't matter. Interestingly enough. Hmm...O' you ask how do I know. Well whatever your 
soul adheres to like glue as that would be a simile to how we exist upon mother gaia. Like a pail and shovel. @NEIU.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_David_Thoreau

"Ok so here it goes. Poop. O'most forgot and all that I said which was in my Mind. There it is all in storage of future memory, 
Or presumption thinking and resting thought. Formulative thinking parts of me Brain.

Once again Dead and have risen From An, Eternal Sleep. Ah' I see. A snow globe I don't even, 
Know Anymore but what I do know is. Why so many mundanes. 

I mean from time to time jus', get this grand exasperation. Might I find it. There could be added more colour, 
And a relaxation to it All. But I said I loved life so, I ever so cherished it, Once more.

Ya ever since my 3 serious suicide attempts. That issue never came up again. As it has been rehashed 
an' people seem to be helping me. And thats all.

But I never took life for granted once more. In fact I kinda' loved it before and at the Time. 
I was full on ready to end it. Didn't matter. But now I know better.

So I'm glad that is over ya' about 15 years ago or so. Didn't take the attempt serious enuff. 
Got a gator tear out of it actually and less attention. Maybe more attention because its sumthin', 
that u jus' can't shake. Ya a stain.

Evermore guided to the direct purpose of my own. Life can get bleak, dire and downtrodden and I was very, 
distraught, Indeed but I have moved on. Before that jus' a high schooler then K-7, which I don't rememba too good. There thas' All.

Jeez there I go all splainin' myself like to Others. Never had a definition to make it into anything. 
Substantial. It isn't tuff to talk about, Jus' a memory of mine to share with other Suicidals I Guess.

But I'm no Longer. Thas' what I'm tryin' to say. Jus' took my life to the U-Turn once or twice. Kissed it Goodbye. 
But I crashed from bein' all sheltered.

And heres the thing, when the girl, took the rope, went into her room, to hang herself, my begotten Whore of a Sister. 
Felt good about a job well done. This girls she helped push off with Others, was figuratively in this dresser and my 
begotten whore sister, while es'plainin' how it Happened. thru a morose, Macabre gaze and fixation of her public Death, 
closed that small top pantie drawer. For good. Then moved on and had dinner out to eat. High school can get dark these days." @chipublib.

9 and sum years after that, contracted terminal illness, lost out on love with my loves, the same deliberate tragedy. 
There is no response only watch the subtraction take place. No regeneration only irreversable damage taken. Long.

https://www.facebook.com/vanrecs/

This is one of my favourite bands of all-time. They just so happen to be Irish like myself and that helps me identify with myself better. 
Its in my roots, in my marrows and my heritage. You know it feels good, in the tusk. In the grip and the grain. We don't move like Black 
People do. We are whites. Let us entertain the work of William Shakespear. So interestingly enough because that is I. I identify with 
it in such a way that I cannot even begin to describe. It has become a Core. And I have it in my fibers the very nature of my Being. 
Live. I'll be rockin' out. Or standin' either way, no matter.
https://music.youtube.com/channel/UCOwJUxcyWyqBML07O3503RA
