So here we All R. One and all. Young and old. And they, this, company may I remind you Once More'elz. Ou. e'u. Has Necessary Outreach with the community. Which community you might Add. The ones stricken with poverty, criminal oppression, gun crime, senseless violence. The place where people take the law into their own hands and make decisions about each and every victim out there'|?z Yes, that one, I am however one of Them. Even tho' they', who is they, I don't know the ones, the peoples-; in a better familial positions thru' blood-ties. Of the worst kind. The more feared you are, the more terror you bring onto your own victims, the morst gut-wrenching evils you can perform without your victims knowing. Is best, the better you are off'as'Well. The need. F4orit. As this goes hand and hand. And you need to be in a better off--> financial standing to even go'off and a havea field'day and get whatever you need and not'to even have'Begin'to'Think without having a budget and me, Myself well,:so ; I was thinking needing to going to get an Illinois Link Card. That is where funds are deposited on your State of Illinois Government--> food funds. Food Stamps, which come from the State of Illinois Department of Human Services, are a different storie', I have'yet to get into them. That is a different horror'storie altogether and usually, always, when they are at the checkout. The customer needs to put many items back and go retrieve the store-brand(President's Choice), off-name and cheaper-->, generic 'once' 'again' -->FoodBrands. Because with these you cannot buy name-brand, which are better anne'good-tasting, what everyoneelse canBuy and its quite the hassle, has Become and 'lwayz Will'Ol'be. And this happens often and it is very difficult to learn that difference. I don't believe the LinkCard has any limitation other than thatIt's only once a month, you are allowed your state food funds to come thru'. But that is all for the discrepancies, jumpin' thru' those hoops and the necessary mazes you need to complete in order to just have a calm collection of groceries that will most likely last 2-3 weeks and then back onto the store'again. And looking at the place now, there is clearly two different audiences. One wants the other wants a gist. And within the want, there is 3 several categories based'off on their dispose, their choices, and their demographic. The main thing, is This(); Whodunit. Where is the health. Where is the otherside'to'it O:l>.?/ IdontknowO:/z>. I just know what I want to Buy. And you must factor in your Budget, beforehand. Because I know some employees that work at my location and have'now achieved notoriety, and 3 days of work, would cover their amount to buy the groceries they desperately need. Because that is what, everybody, else infact needs is food to. Carry on. Jewel-Osco.

"Here you have the jumbo pant, leg. Baseball. Jum'On'Don'tStop o'wl'z. Ou't. Owlz. O'u. e'wz. Rw'tu'r'u'lwe'rUOr'Z'lw'E'rtuWeO'lr'tZ. ol. With the hidden zap pant legs zipperz. Olu' we. Ow'elz. Or'te'R'tol'Ew'rlg'Og'tgz:; Oug; zou'OlOg:; Ze'l'r'tOe'8eu'tr'lz; With the vertical shapened belt-'side. With the dark blue. To match. We have the, does it Say'30 I don't,.. isit the World isit'The concubine:; Who does it need'To'See. Half orange then half green, I said. Sartre Planetary. Just getting my collection of Items. Here we Are. Stupid. No. Youj' ter'Ol'tzEtr:;'Olz. O'tg:zlz; Oeu:' t|'r'llet:;t'u'r'etTU'|Oley:;'tu'Olud'.O Continuing on. Yes it would be could for calm, FallWeather, which we are silently comehereMovingOnExperiencing. To be Known!()0. I know it Already, matching 'OJacket.lz:; Where its 'Ol:z'Ol;Spacey. What was that'the Off-Center. Tagalong. Tobeit. Chicken Ceaser. Always. With a light, yes Ah'that Crisp--, Juice'Chosen'OK. Thats. That will be All. I said you cannot break the law and knowIt and only chose to GetAwayWithIt (\z):; Thats it. This will complete the showcase, Roze had 4 you today:()/z. Q. gg.\z:"",.

Now as we move down Here. Let me just say. O:z. lz>.?/..t

Let us continue.:woz;z'e'true'lz:;Olez'r'twr'tre'lugolz:;T'l'ugOl:zrut'Oer'tlugOz'tru:;'T'l'rTre'Olguz:;'xo;

Pass on.

When it was.

Hold on.

There it was, once more. Ol:;z't're'T'rle'rluQo'rte:;'T'U'O'lrez;;Tolo:z;>.
Chicago Public Library.

There is many misconceptions. Once again, which doctors are milking the cow through despicable medical practices and which doctors actually, down to a fine line, care deeply about these patients. And its not really patients, all the time. They are operating human adults that must live with medical conditions, no matter how big or small. And some. Are much better off than the others, and those are seen as the Leaders. Well'-->, not only onThe medical side of Things. The otherside, that is essential to Human Survival. And they got a big Dog. Seen. As the protectors and yes they also have, medical conditions and this is what they have in common. It pains me in this way, to know that some are paraplegic never to have a normal human life. Living confined in a wheel chair and this is all that they know. And the medical dose regimen, that they are all required to take by the State, are notoriety:. In such a way. Where it achieves, this dominion unlike any other. I need them to be calm flowers. Just like everybody else. And where the heights need to be designated for each and every, different, condition. The State required medical dose, needs to be this, for this person, and the State's required medical prescription, just where do you come'Off, needs to be This()o:; for this person':. z; Where does your Study, lead? Where is your medical proof. Where is your scientific Evidence. You see these people, with handicaps. Living, like motors. So hunkered down off of the, 'Salt Lick." That they exist as different people, Entirely--; 'which they are. And it helps them. So they always remember, to Take It. That is all. One more Thing. Yes, I think the drugs stuffed down their throats need to be updated not only for this day and Age, but specificity, for each and everyone's own medical condition. And these people are borne with these defects. Where you are severely stunted. But come on. I have come to realize, that their isn't much of a'Difference between me and them. Those. I just see People, with short-comings. People that cannot come to operate what comes normal to us. And this secondary memory. And this way of Speech. And this way of representing their own mental homes, some have curfews. A grown man can't be out past 7pm. Unless his family comes to sign him off, with the criminal sadistic receptionists' understanding. And every'body 'jreats you like a god damn f*cking dunce. Olz:; Its hardship. Once again, that is all:; And one more thing everyone 'Knows'Remembers. Goddamnit. olz. The ones bad, those evil, performing Evil(z:); were CAST OUT! When.

And the common stereotype of a man, with uncontrollable anger, one that needs to be in a padded room with a straitjacket. Is uncommon. Side effec(t)sOl:z? Dare I say. O:s?ol:;.,><t> Beating anyone they see, with its lug arms. When anyone can clearly see, these patients are showcasing, stronger than normal, sexual needs, strength stronger than only one person.'l'wzO:;'w'lwz;' Can they exercise? I am sure they would like to. But sometimes you just need to be in a room, with a pleasant kind and good innocent nurse and beat your fists on a padded bit. Like some kind of wild animal. Some kind of tiger, polar bear or rhinoceros. And just get it out of your system, start sweating and practice your fists. Your stance and once again your strength. 'Olz:; Ou.'g.et:;
Eden Supportive Living Chicago. Northwestern Medicine. United States Disability Chamber of Commerce. Apple. Northeastern Illinois University. Southern Illinois University Carbondale. Elgin Community College. City Colleges of Chicago. Johnson & Johnson. Pfizer. The New York Times. Vogue.